{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Current Evaluation Cycle completed!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Introduction time remaining: 93:19:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Second Evaluation in 10:09:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mana around Marcus had dropped in density to the point that he had to actively think about it to feel it, much like had between evaluation cycles. Since that was the new norm for where he was on Earth, at least he knew that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be an issue. It also seemed the System was giving them a break to rest and recover between evaluations, which was welcome. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you like an opportunity to rest or would you prefer to continue our discussion from before the evaluation began?\u8221\'94 his Guide asked with a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can we do both?\u8221\'94 he grinned wryly. \u8220\'93That evaluation was more than 24 hours long and I barely napped an hour during that time. I could use some rest, but I\u8217\'92d love to ask a few new questions after I sleep a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is quite acceptable. Approximately 10 minutes before the evaluation begins, I will explain the upcoming evaluation. In the meantime you can rest and/or ask questions at your discretion. If you choose to sleep, I can wake you at any point you specify,\u8221\'94 she gestured and a bedroll appeared on the floor next to him. It consisted of a thin foam pad, a thick sleeping bag, and a small pillow, all of which were bound to be more comfortable than a cold tile floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94 Marcus crawled onto the bedroll and considered the time available before he continued, \u8220\'93I usually don\u8217\'92t sleep much more than 5 or 6 hours a night, but please make sure I\u8217\'92m awake at least 2 hours and ten minutes before the next evaluation begins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you wish,\u8221\'94 the Guide replied, then she gestured at the ceiling and the lights in the chamber slowly to faded out. By the time the light was gone, Marcus was deeply asleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}