{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus was confronted with a wall of text on a huge screen. Skimming it, he recognized it as a list of options. He then scanned back to the top and began reading the entries for each Path, giving himself time to decide on which might be a good fit.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Hunter - One of the most basic Paths in the multiverse, the Hunter stalks prey and kills it to acquire what he needs and to protect what is his. This focuses on skills and abilities to navigate unfamiliar areas, identify, stalk and kill prey. Gains bonus experience from tracking and slaying beasts depending on how dangerous the beast is compared to the Hunter. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Agility, 1 Dexterity, 1 Endurance, 1 Wisdom and 1 free point per tier.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, clearly Paths really were very generalized at this point. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say that Hunter wasn\u8217\'92t necessarily a good Path for him either. He could definitely think of much worse things to do. He looked to his next option.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Gatherer - One of the most basic Paths in the multiverse, the Gatherer finds and acquires those resources needed to survive or to pursue the various crafting Professions. This focuses on skills and abilities to navigate unfamiliar areas and identify valuables. Gains bonus experience for discoveries and based on the value of resources harvested.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Agility, 1 Endurance, 1 Intelligence, 1 Dexterity and 1 free point per tier.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That made sense as the next listed Path. After all, where there are Hunters, there are usually Gatherers, right? It was a less appealing Path for him than Hunter, but not by much. Thankfully, there were still several more options to consider.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Scholar - A slightly more complex Path, the Scholar seeks out knowledge in all its forms wishing to understand the Multiverse in which they live. This focuses on skills and abilities in acquiring and applying knowledge,  Gains bonus experience for discoveries, recovering lost knowledge, acquiring new knowledge, and applying knowledge to create or refine experiments, items, or theories.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Intelligence, 1 Wisdom, 1 Dexterity and 2 free points per tier.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This Path was a small surprise to Marcus, though perhaps he should have expected something like it in retrospect. Knowledge was often regarded as one of the fundamental Paths to acquiring power after all. Especially on Earth, controlling information was, or rather had been, power.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Explorer - Another slightly more complex Path, the explorer too seeks out knowledge: knowledge of new places, of ancient ruins, of lost cultures and people. This focuses on skills and abilities to survive in the wild places of the world and to map out and explore the things you find in those wild places. Gains bonus experience for discoveries }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 and surviving in the wild.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Endurance, 1 Agility, 1 Wisdom, 1 Willpower and 1 free point per tier.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that really was appealing. Who in Gen X hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dreamed of being a great explorer when they were a kid? Sadly, Earth hadn\u8217\'92t had many unexplored places remaining, leaving most children to outgrow such dreams. This new world, however, seemed likely to have tremendous amounts of places and information to explore. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Warrior - The warrior lives and dies pursuing power through conflict and martial might. The world is a dangerous place, and the strong survive. This Path focuses on skills and abilities to improve combat effectiveness and survivability. Gains bonus experience from defeating, subduing or outright killing those who challenge them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Strength, 1 Agility, 1 Dexterity, 1 Endurance and 1 free point per tier. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus was getting into what he tended to think of as adventurer archetypes, which he had definitely been expecting, given the nature of the System so far. The Warrior was the most basic combatant type in most role-playing games, and for good reasons.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Magus - The Magus pursues knowledge of and expertise in magic itself, seeking a measure of power to exert their will over reality itself through spells and rituals. This Path focuses on skills and abilities related to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 understanding and using the theories, concepts and control over mana and its various physical expressions. Gains bonus experience for studying and using various forms of magic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Intelligence, 1 Wisdom, 1 Willpower and 2 free points per tier. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was the magic-user archetype, which Marcus always tended to prefer in games. This Path represented the wizard in his tower studying magic. But was it really the best choice when one currently knew fuck all about real magic? That remained to be seen, he supposed. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Adept - The Adept focuses on the more spiritual side of magic in the same way that the magus focuses on the fundamental nature of it. This focuses on skills and abilities related to how willpo}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 wer and belief influence magic. Gains bonus experience for exploring these aspects of magic and using the resulting spells and abilities to deepen their spiritual understanding of reality.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Wisdom, 1 Willpower, and 3 free points per tier.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This one was the magic-is-religion-or-philosophy Path, which Marcus ruled right out. He followed his own moral compass and had no patience for anyone else trying to impose their social norms on him. He certainly wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to start proselytizing to others. Fuck that.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Protector - The Protector will do whatever it takes to keep what matters to them safe, whether that means fighting and killing or talking and negotiating doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really matter. This focuses on skills and abilities to defend yourself and others as well as fight back when needed. Gains bonus experience for pursuing knowledge and skills to improv}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 e his ability to protect as well as from defeating those who would harm what they protect.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Wisdom, 1 Strength, 1 Endurance, and 2 free points per tier.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus stopped. He took several minutes to really ponder this one. It was clearly aimed at those who spent their life standing up for others and keeping people safe. It appealed to him, as it tapped into the same motivations that had driven him to join the Army and become a soldier. However, he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure he was still that man. Age and cynicism had long since rubbed the shine off of his days in the service. He pitied his younger self, who trusted other people to wield him like a weapon for the so-called \u8220\'93greater good.\u8221\'94 At least this Path let him decide the best way to do what he felt was needed. But there was one last option to consider before he made up his mind.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Seeker of Power (Uncommon) - Some Paths are defined less by how they do things than by what it is that they ultimately do. Such is the case with this Path, which is dedicated entirely to the pursuit of advancement and power through any means available. The Seeker of Power is not without his own morals or ethics, but cares little for the limits others would impose on their Path. One part Explorer, one part Magus, one part Adept and one part Warrior, the Seeker of Power does not consider any opinion but their own about what is permissible in their pursuit of the pinnacle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gains 1 Intelligence, 1 Wisdom, and 5 free point per tier.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus read the final Path over twice before it fully registered. The uncommon tag told him that this was not a Path just anyone could walk, which he had to admit made it more tempting. It was a bit of a jack-of-all-trades Path, for a person who sought advancement and power almost anywhere they could find it, letting only their own morals decide the lines they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cross. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything he had discovered about the System so far told him this new world was going to be hard in ways the old world never had been. If it truly was mimicking aspects of the role-playing games he had loved, then conflict and strife were bound to be commonplace. Humans tended to go all }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Lord of the Flies}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t someone around to enforce some level of decency on them, and he didn\u8217\'92t think changing into lizard-people would make a difference. If he wanted to survive and actually be able to take care of the people he cared about, could he afford not to pursue power at any cost?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I choose the Path Seeker of Power,\u8221\'94 he said firmly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}