{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Second Evaluation in 0:09:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus was startled out of his ruminations on the state of Earth when the ten minute warning notification appeared. As before, the notification had a remarkable effect on the Guide as they froze a moment before it appeared and did not resume until after he had read the entire message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The second evaluation period is designed to help you acclimate to your body\u8217\'92s new physical limits. As before, it will consist of several evaluation cycles, each of which will be used to push your physical limits in a different way. Unlike the first evaluation period, however, the breaks between evaluation cycles will be only 15 minutes and will include the instructions for your next evaluation cycle.\u8221\'94 The Guide }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [rattled off the explanation smoothly.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first phase of this evaluation will be focused on cardiovascular endurance. When the evaluation cycle begins, this room will be transformed into a running path through a wooded area.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [The Guide continued on with the instructions specific to the first cycle of the evaluation.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The terrain on this path will include inclines and declines of various degrees, areas where footing may be treacherous, and other simple obstacles that will require close attention to navigate. Both temperature and humidity on the track will be increased to further increase the intensity of the evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally, this is a long distance run, not a short sprint. If your running pace slows to a point where you cannot complete the minimum acceptable distance in the time allotted for this evaluation you will be warned,\u8221\'94 she cautioned, her tone turning grim. \u8220\'93After the third warning you will punished for running too slow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that sound fun. \u8220\'93Punished how?\u8221\'94 He wasn\u8217\'92t entirely sure he wanted to know, but finding out when it happened seemed worse than knowing ahead of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pain.\u8221\'94 She answered bluntly. \u8220\'93You will feel steadily increasing pain until your running speed is back up to a point where you can complete the course in the remaining time. It is therefore highly recommended that you push yourself as hard as you can, keeping in mind that your body\u8217\'92s physical limits have been improved significantly by the Mana Adaptation process.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Great. He had to run an unknown distance in an unspecified amount of time in an evaluation clearly intended to push his endurance to its absolute limit. Marcus hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gone running in more than 20 years courtesy of the injury that the System only healed 30-odd hours ago. At least his pain tolerance was good, because he had a feeling it was going to be tested vigorously by this event, one way or another.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Second Evaluation in 0:02:23}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Manifesting Evaluation Course in 0:01:53<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus began stretching vigorously to warm up his muscles. The last thing he needed was a cramp. As he did so, he mentally reviewed everything Basic Combat training for the Army had taught him about safe, efficient running form. The provided sandals would be crap for running in compared to proper running shoes, providing no support to speak of. He paused and tightened the sandal straps to ensure he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lose a shoe on the course and then checked the sole of the shoe to judge how much traction he could expect. Thankfully, the soles were roughened leather, so it wouldn\u8217\'92t be too bad as long as his path didn\u8217\'92t track through soft mud or wet stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Manifesting Evaluation Course.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Second Evaluation in 0:00:29<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In between one heartbeat and the next the room around him was simply gone. Instead he stood on a dirt path less than a meter wide in a quiet wood. Behind him, the path ended abruptly in a steep drop off, making it quite obvious which direction to run.  Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he took a long moment to finish preparing. The path ahead sloped gently upward in the distance, but was pretty well flat for a good long while here at the start, so at least that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be too bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the countdown hit five seconds, the Guide spoke from somewhere behind him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On your mark\u8230\'85 get set\u8230\'85 go!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last word hit precisely on zero and Marcus pushed off hard, accelerating quickly. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sprinting because that would be pretty stupid, but he was extending his stride and aiming for a strong pace from the start. To his great surprise, it was considerably easier than he remembered running ever being before his accident. To be fair, Marcus had never enjoyed running because it had always been painful. Now, however, it was not painful at all. He stretched out his stride, concentrating on all the tips and techniques he\u8217\'92d been taught for running during his time in the military. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Running (Tier 1) Level 1! Agility has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus willed away his notifications and continued to push himself, picking up his pace and focusing on controlling his breathing. Except, he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only inhaling air, he was also pulling in mana. Mana that he was naturally circulating through body. Mana that was rejuvenating him and refreshing his muscles. He sped up further, obeying the Guide\u8217\'92s advice to push himself as hard as he could. He needed to find his limits so that he could also find his sustainable maximum speed. He willed away the notifications of his running skill increasing, paying them little mind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Running (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Running (Tier 2) Level 1! Endurance and Agility have each increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, the notification of his skill evolving and increasing two of his stats, that did pop up.  Increasing stats was a surprising side effect and made him smile even as he kept pushing along at the best speed he could maintain. And the evaluation just kept going, stretching on beyond the end of the first hour with no end in sight. By the end of that first hour, he had well and truly found the limit of his sustainable pace. His pace was chewing up the kilometers and he wondered just how fast he actually was running. Not that it really mattered, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just have to keep running until the evaluation was over. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Running (Tier 2) Level 20 has evolved to Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1! Endurance has increase by 1! This skill cannot evolve further in its current state.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This notification came as a bit of a bigger surprise. Especially, the later portion about the skill not being able to evolve further in its current state. Clearly he would have to do something differently to evolve that skill further, but he had no idea what or how to approach it. He did lean into his increased endurance and push himself further, finding it had slightly improved the pace he could maintain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that was essentially how the remainder of the first phase of the second evaluation proceeded. Hours passed and he kept running without slowing down, let alone stopping. For five full hours he ran, before the phase ended. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0> Current Evaluation Cycle completed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rest period duration remaining 0:14:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus stretched a bit to cool down before asking the Guide a question, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are all of this evaluation\u8217\'92s cycles going to be like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes,\u8221\'94 the Guide replied. \u8220\'93As the first cycle focused on your endurance, the second will focus on agility. This cycle will consist of having to move rapidly through an increasingly complex environment. You will have to learn to trust your body and your sense of space in this cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 parkour?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide froze for a moment, the way it occasionally seemed to when it needed to access information from the System. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, the terms parkour or freerunning are applicable to this portion of the evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if I have no idea how to do anything resembling parkour or freerunning?\u8221\'94 Marcus frowned. He\u8217\'92d watched freerunning videos a few times, but there was a huge difference between seeing it and doing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you haven\u8217\'92t progressed satisfactorily during the first hour, then the remainder of the period will be spent with me providing basic instruction until either the time elapses or you show sufficient proficiency to no longer need instruction.\u8221\'94 The Guide replied. \u8220\'93In the meantime, trust your body. Your sense of balance, strength and agility have improved considerably since the System initiated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded and took a few deep breaths, centering himself. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [She was right, my body had changed greatly since the System came. I had a much better sense of my body then I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had even when I was in my physical prime during my time in the Army.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning Second Evaluation Cycle<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}