{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the final part of the Introduction: selecting your path,\u8221\'94 his Guide said with a broad smile. \u8220\'93As you have demonstrated exceptional abilities in multiple areas during the course of this introduction, you will be permitted to select both a class and a profession before the beginning of the tutorial. Additionally your options will be of higher quality and tailored to your performance in the introduction instead of being selected from the general starting list.\u8221\'94 She paused and allowed that to sink in. \u8220\'93Do you have any questions related to this process?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 not that I can think of, unless you can offer any advice on how to choose?\u8221\'94 Marcus answered, hoping he wouldn\u8217\'92t end up with so many good options he ended up paralyzed by indecision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only advice I can offer is to chose the option that feels the most true to who you are and want to be,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Do you wish to choose class or profession first? Or do you need to a moment to consider?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a moment,\u8221\'94 he replied automatically, \u8220\'93But do not let me waste more than ten minutes overthinking this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ten minutes begins now,\u8221\'94 she agreed with a nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus pulled up his status screen and begin looking it over, wanting to be sure he knew his strongest and weakest points before he started looking at his available paths. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 147/147}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 605/605\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 126/126}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 290/290}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 12\tab \tab Willpower: 28.5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 13.2  \tab \tab Intelligence: 14.4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 14.85\tab Wisdom: 16.8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 13.2\tab Luck: 30}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 38}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Meditation (Tier 4) Level 27}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Athleticism (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Lifting (Tier 2) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Weapons (Tier 3) Level 22}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Perception (Tier 2) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Marksmanship (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Unguided Mana Bolt (Tier 3) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Logical Analysis (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Theory (Tier 2) Level 15}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Telekinesis (Tier 3) Level 4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Mental Focus (Tier 2) Level 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert Pain Resistance (Tier 6) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Identify (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Stealth (Tier 5) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Survival (Tier 3) Level 5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Unarmed Combat (Tier 3) Level 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Melee Staff (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Mana Barrier (Tier 2) Level 2}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert - provides a small reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Expert in the Milky Way - additional moderate reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Top Shot - increases Dexterity by an additional 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spellcrafting Prodigy - increases the power and efficiency of all spells and abilities you create by 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert Problem Solver - +3 each to Intelligence and Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Iron Will - increases willpower by an additional 20% and using willpower no longer results in mental fatigue}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Will - increases willpower by an additional 10% and greatly reduces the suppressive effect of higher tier presences}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Indomitable - increases the effect of all forms of pain resistance by 150%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renowned (Tier 3) - massively increases the suppressive effect of your presence and willpower .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greater Universal Renown - +20 Luck and increases all stats by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renowned Elite (Universal)(Tier 3) - gain improved class, improved profession and an epic upgrade token<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His willpower and luck were ridiculous, as was his mana pool. The rest of his stats were pretty comparable with strength on the low end and wisdom at the high end of the pack. Choosing a magically focused class and profession were obvious no-brainers. In terms of skills, his Pain Resistance, Mana Control and Stealth were the clear stand-outs, though he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t nearly masochistic enough to pick a path that required that much Pain Resistance unless it was just too damn good to pass up. Of course, how could he even tell how good a class or profession was? That was a damn good question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can I tell how good a class or profession is?\u8221\'94 he asked, breaking the silence that had fallen for the last couple minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each path will have a rarity listed. The rarity goes from inferior at the low end to mythical at the high end,\u8221\'94 the Guide answered. \u8220\'93The rarer a path is, the higher the minimum requirements to be offered the path and the more potentially powerful it is. However, the more powerful a path is, the more likely it is to have restrictions or limitations that will make it more challenging to advance. The path descriptions will give you more information and contain hints about limitations and restrictions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, then I will select my class first.\u8221\'94 He decided after a few more moments of consideration. Then he could pick a profession to complement his class choice. A menu of six options appeared for him to peruse, which he considered one at a time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Arcane Marksman (Uncommon) - As one excelling in both ranged combat and mana manipulation, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s only natural to work to combine the two. This class focuses on using physical ranged weapons and imbuing their attacks with mana for greater effect. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary stats: Wisdom, Dexterity. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stat bonuses per tier: +1 Wisdom, +1 Dexterity, + 1 Free point }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Marksmanship, Mana Manipulation/Control, [Choice of Ranged Weapon], Imbue Mana (Destructive) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill choice at Level 15. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was a fairly low rarity class with a decent concept. The classic image of a magical archer raining down powerful magic arrows on their foes was a pretty common archetype. The stats were focused on his what he was already strong at and he even had a jump on two of the core skills for the first tier. But\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it just didn\u8217\'92t speak to him. This was a class focused on a pretty specific subset of magic that would be mostly focused through a ranged weapon like a bow or something. That\u8217\'92s not really what he wanted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aspiring Mage (Uncommon) - A class focused entirely on the study and use of magic. Poor in physical combat and the use of armor or weapons other than their spells or the occasional mana weapon. This type of Magus specializes in unaspected mana, leaving them rather weak against mana resistance. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary stats: Wisdom, Intelligence. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: +1 Wisdom, +2 Free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Mana Manipulation/Control, Mana Theory, Mana Bolt, Mana Barrier, Mana Amplification}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill choice every tenth level.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was definitely more what he had in mind. A classic beginning wizard. The rarity was still low and the focus on unaspected mana could be crippling with its lack of options for more physical combat. It also only provided him one skill he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t already have and two more as he leveled up. He preferred it to the Arcane Marksman, but only just. There had to be something better. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Prodigious Sniper (Rare) - You have a tremendous innate talent killing things from as far away as possible coupled with the skills needed to get into that range without being noticed and get back out again. Your enemies tend to die without ever knowing what killed them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary stats: Dexterity, Agility}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: +2 Dexterity, +2 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Marksmanship, Stealth, [Choice of Ranged Weapon], Extended Range, Power Shot, Sneak Attack}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill choice every tenth level.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He probably should have expected that something like that, but it still caught him off guard. It was definitely a solid class, aside from its complete and total disregard of his skill with mana. Four stat points, four new skills, and two extra skills as he leveled certainly gave it a strong toolkit to work from. But, he was going to give it a hard pass. It strayed into a part of his life he was happy to have left behind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Novice Shadow Mage (Rare) - Your skill at stealth and talent for magic makes for a powerful combination. By studying the concepts of shadow and darkness and fusing them into your spell work, you on the path to becoming something to truly fear. Your spells can conceal as easily as they devour the very vitality from your foes. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary stats: Wisdom, Willpower}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +1 Willpower, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Shadow or Darkness Affinity, Mana Theory, Mana Manipulation or Control, Black Bolt (evolved from Mana Bolt), Black Barrier (evolved from Mana Barrier), Steal Vitality}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill choice every tenth level.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, that was a bit more ominous than he was really looking for but it played heavily into his strengths for controlling mana and stealth. It would evolve two of his skills into, presumably, better versions, moved away from unaspected mana and gave him an ability he assumed would let him recover vitality by stealing it from his foes. It was more tempting than he would like really, but shadows and darkness? Those were not exactly the powers wielded by heroes in most stories. Only, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a story and this was clearly a class with great potential power. But he had two more options to consider before deciding\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Prodigious Novice Spellslinger (Epic) - Your skill with mana is truly prodigious and you take full advantage of it, focusing on squeezing every advantage out of your talents. You study magic as intensely as any Wizard, but you strip your spells down to their most efficient forms. Why waste mana on guiding the spell to its target when you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re already a superlative marksman without the help? Few walk the path of the Spellslinger, but those who do follow the path of legends.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Dexterity, Willpower}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +2 Dexterity, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Mana Control, Marksmanship, Mana Theory, Mana Amplification, Extend Range, Spell Creation, Spell Adaptation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill at 5th level, 10th level, and 20th Level<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that was a helluva class. It checked all the right boxes: focused on magic, leans into his strengths, includes a skill that makes it easier to create new spells, and one to adapt existing spells. That was 5 stat points, 7 skills and 3 skill choices as he leveled. And all without the creepy implications of a focus on shadows and darkness. And he still had one more class of at least the same rarity to consider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Prophesied Warmage of the Elder Dragons (Legendary) - Your coming was foretold by the most powerful sages of dragon-kind. A being descended from dragons and destined to shake the Multiverse with the full might of his draconic ancestors. Your path will lead you to the very pinnacle of power in the cosmos, if you have the strength to walk it. This class draws its might from the deepest concepts of dragons and the magics they wield.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Willpower, Endurance}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: + 2 Wisdom, +2 Willpower, + 3 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core skills: Mana Control, Mana Theory, Dragon Scales, Dragon Breath, Dragon Wings, Dragon Claws, Draconic Aura, Mana Amplification, Spell Creation  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill on selection, one additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus stared dumbly at the description for a long while. That was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 incredible. Seven stat points per tier, seven new skills with five being directly related to dragons, plus one more selected skill right away and four selected skills as he leveled. Legendary really, truly did seem like an apt description. He would genuinely have to be crazy not to take it, wouldn\u8217\'92t he?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I choose Prophesied Warmage of the Elder Dragons,\u8221\'94 he said aloud, barely hesitating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill Choices available!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Select one of the following skills: Imbue Mana (Destructive), Extend Range, Spell Adaptation, Dragon Fire<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly the easy choice he\u8217\'92d hoped it would be. He promptly ignored Imbue Mana (Destructive) as he had a pretty good idea of what it did from the context in which he\u8217\'92d seen it before. He needed more information about these other skills though, so he focused on Extend Range first and tried to use Identify on it. To his delighted surprise, it worked! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill: Extend Range (Common)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This skill passively increases the base range increment of all skills and abilities without increasing mana cost. Amount of increase is dependent on skill tier, level, and intelligence.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it was exactly as boring as he thought it would be. Useful sure, but low rarity and there was just nothing interesting about it. So he moved on to the next one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill: Spell Adaptation (Epic)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This skill allows the user to alter the effects of a spell he is using on the fly. This can include changing almost any aspect of the spell, including imbuing it with concepts not normally associated with it, removing concepts that are part of its normal function and even rendering designated individuals unaffected by the spell. Mana cost varies based on the changes made. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that was a much more interesting skill. It would allow him to tinker will spells he already possessed as he cast them. Great for surprising an enemy or dealing with the unexpected as it arose.  But now for the skill that really tickled his imagination.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill: Dragon Fire (Ancient)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This skill grants the user innate insights into the concepts of both normal fire and dragon fire, The power of dragon fire is not to be underestimated as there is nothing it cannot burn and consume. This skill makes it possible to imbue any mana with the aspects of fire or dragon fire and greatly reduces the mana expenditure to imbue either of these concepts into a spell. Grants affinity to both fire and dragon fire. Dragon fire is compatible with all other elemental affinities and can be imbued into those elemental affinities to massively increase damage.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that was a choice made, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I choose dragon fire.\u8221\'94 Now he just hoped his own elemental affinity wasn\u8217\'92t something lame like water. Now to check out the rest of his new class skills.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill: Dragon Scales (Ancient)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renowned for their strength, resilience and resistance to most magic, Dragon Scales are all the protection a true dragon really needs. You have chosen to follow in their footsteps, tapping into the very concept of Dragon Scales to turn your skin into a protective layer of Dragon Scales. For a small expenditure of mana, your skin turns into scales capable of deflecting physical blows and magic alike. While these are not yet the scales of a true dragon, they provide excellent protection and will continue to improve as your understanding of the concept deepens. Maintaining Dragon Scales slowly depletes your Soul Stability until they are dismissed as they are not yet fully part of you. May be dismissed at any time without cost. If damaged an additional small expenditure of mana will repair them. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ability to cover his skin in dragon scales to protect himself was going to be an incredible boon in combat. He activated the skill and watched as his skin was covered in scales that gleamed in colors ranging from a glossy chocolate brown to shiny metallic black. He moved around, bending and twisting, testing his flexibility and finding it completely unimpeded by the change. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I think I really like this,\u8221\'94 he muttered aloud. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Legendary class tied to the legacy of true dragons,\u8221\'94 the Guide sounded almost awed as it looked him over. [\u8220\'93That is\u8230\'85 beyond impressive.] However, time moves on swiftly and you have yet to select a profession.\u8221\'94[MARTY?]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh\u8230\'85 yeah. Sorry, got kinda caught up in how badass this class is and forgot,\u8221\'94 Marcus admitted sheepishly before dismissing the scales. The vanished instantly, but he noticed that his patches of natural scales had spread somewhat and now reflected the same glossier colorations as his conjured scales. Interesting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}