{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Calculating Final Rewards! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Identify skill restored! Weapons will be returned on exit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon will end in 1:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warning notification appeared the moment he exited the hallway and was confronted with four System lock-boxes and a pedestal holding a massive tome. He quickly identified the lock-boxes, finding two Uncommon Tutorial Dungeon Chest, one Epic Tutorial Dungeon Chest, and one Legendary Tutorial Dungeon Chest. When he turned his Identify to the book, the skill simply failed to activate, startling him.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped up to pedestal and studied it more closely. The cover was metal and engraved with smaller versions of the dragons that had been on the doors to the dungeon and to the sphinxes chamber. Reaching out carefully, he touched the cover and was immediately confronted with a System notification.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>You have been offered the following Legacy Profession:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arcanist of Lost Mysteries (Legendary) - You walk in places untouched for centuries, among the ruins of lost civilizations and dead cultures in pursuit of secrets long forgotten. You study ancient and forbidden magics in a effort to recreate long dead arcana and recreate destroyed artifacts of lost eras. Part-archaeologist, Part-explorer, all magical researcher and craftsman, your laboratory is ancient ruins and your workshop is where-ever you rest your head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Intelligence, Agility}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +2 Intelligence, +2 Agility, +2 Willpower, +4 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Profession skills: Pathfinding, Trap Detection, Mana Construct Theory, Anchor Mana Construct, Herbalism, Create Alchemical Concoction, Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Detection, Conceptual Exploration}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Do you wish to accept this Profession?<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus had to read the message three times for the details to really sink in. He was being offered a Legendary Profession. One that seemed to combine something akin to an old school pulp adventurer with an alchemist and an artificer and then sprinkle a bunch of skills and stat points on top. What Gen X kid hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grown up wanting to be Indiana Jones?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he answered immediately. Instantly the book vanished, having been consumed to grant him the Profession.  <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Pathfinding (Profession) (Tier 1) has merged with Tracking (General) (Tier 1) to become Improved Pathfinding (Profession)(Tier 2)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hidden Objective Completed: Complete the Secrets of the Past and claim its legacy (2/2)! 5000 IP awarded for unique objective.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon will end in 1:50:17<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warm rush of increasing stats was quickly replaced by the spiking pain in his skull that resulted from learning so many skills all at once. This time was even worse than when he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken the Magus Class, driving him to his knees and leaving him clutching his head in pain. After what felt like an eternity of agony, the pain receded, leaving him panting in relief. He pushed himself heavily to his feet and focused on the next task at hand: loot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  After a moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s consideration, Marcus moved to the two Uncommon chests first, choosing to save the, ostensibly, best treasure for last. The first box contained a rune-encrusted cauldron, and the second a leather roll that contained a variety of tools.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Uncommon Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Travel Cauldron (Tier 1) - a travel sized cauldron for the Alchemist on the go. Enchanted to allow the Alchemist finer control over the mana within the cauldron as well as to permit the Alchemist to precisely control the heat levels within it without need for external flames. Self repairs within certain limits.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Level 1 in a compatible Profession. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Uncommon Arcanist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Tools (Tier 1) - a set of high quality tools for the adventuring Arcanist. Includes tools for tinkering, engraving, disabling traps and open mechanical locks as well as performing minor repairs on a variety of different types of equipment.  Enchanted to be exceptionally durable and to self repair within certain limits.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Level 1 in a compatible Profession or Skill.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They made a good start for his loot session, with both items having great potential for usefulness with his new Profession. Then he turned to the much smaller epic and legendary chests, each of which looked more like fancy jewelery boxes than actual chests.  He flipped open the first box to find what looked like a slightly over-sized, octagonal casino chip made of what looked like a faintly glowing blue crystal. He immediately identified it. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Epic Upgrade Token (Tier 3) - a special, one-time use item containing the necessary mana and karma to upgrade any item of less than Epic (Tier 3)  quality to Epic (Tier 3). }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Upgraded item will require Tier 3 to use.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that was pure gold right there. The ability to upgrade any item instead of needing to replace it. Sure it was useless right now, but as long as he lived to reach Tier 3, that was going to incredibly useful. He set the token aside with the other gear he still needed to stow before opening the legendary box.  Inside the final box was nestled a heavy silver thumb ring, set with a beautifully cut, amber colored gem.  <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Legendary Arcanist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Secret Archive (Tier 1) - Arcanist\u8217\'92s are renowned for two things: their pursuit of knowledge and their ability to keep secrets. Grants +5 Intelligence and +5 Wisdom when bound. Gives the wearer access to an extradimensional storage space of moderate size. The storage space holds all items placed within in stasis, keeping them in exactly the same state as they were when stored. Living, non-sentient plants and fungi may be stored within without damage or deterioration. Clothing and equipment may equipped to your body directly from storage or placed from your body directly into storage. Allows the Arcanist to place texts within and retrieve texts from the Hidden Archive, a legendary secret repository of knowledge long thought lost. This is a growth item, containing a vast potential. It may be readily upgraded to advance in Tier alongside the Arcanist to whom it is soul-bound.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Arcanist level 1, Soul-bound<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared slack jawed at the item description. Clearly the System didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slack off when it came to Legendary items. He quickly slipped it onto his right hand. As his torc had done before, he felt the ring begin to pull on his mana and absorb it. Only, instead of draining just a few points of mana, it sucked down fully half of his mana pool in a few short moments before stopping. Then he felt something change as the ring became an actual part of him, integrating itself into the very shape of his soul. It was an uncomfortable sensation, like a carefully stretching a muscle he hadn\u8217\'92t consciously used before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment the ring bound itself to his soul, Marcus became intimately aware of the how to store and retrieve items within it, how to use the Hidden Archive, and of the exact size, shape and contents of the ring\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s storage space. With a wave of his hand his new cauldron, toolkit, and token vanished into the rings storage. A second wave moved the contents of his sling bag into the storage, along with his bedroll. A third gesture stowed the potions he had stored on his belt. He couldn\u8217\'92t help but laugh in absolute delight. A flick of his wrist and a thought had his research journal appear in his hand. Another thought and it was back in the sling bag in his storage space.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Dungeon will end in 1:38:50<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grinning widely, Marcus headed back through the hallway and back into the Dungeon. He proceeded past the final test room and down the second hallway into the Research Library he had used to help solve the fourth test. He paused for a moment, considering the bookshelves, only to realize that every book in the Dungeon was already present in the Hidden Archive.  He detoured into the small sleeping chamber he had used while he worked on the Mana disruptor, swiping the narrow bed, complete with bedding, into his storage. Then he headed into the lab and swiped the contents of every shelf full of ingredients and reagents into his storage. He took the living plants, mosses and fungi as well and even swiped the cabinets full of potion vials into his storage space, along with a full set of the alchemical tools. After all it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as if anyone else would need it after he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once he was satisfied that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken everything he had access to that might be the slightest bit useful, Marcus headed back to the final room of the Dungeon. Without the presence of loot to occupy his attention he saw the other thing the room contained, a large, plain, metal door that seemed entirely out of place. Presuming it to be his way out, he immediately approached, laying his hand on the bare metal.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Exiting Dungeon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}}