{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Class: Magus (Uncommon) has reached Tier 1! Automatic stat points allocated.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Mana Weapons (Tier 1)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Magical Theory (Tier 1)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Mana Control (Tier 1)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Mana Bolt (Tier 1)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Mana Barrier (Tier 1)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skill Learned: Meditation (Tier 1)!<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Warmth spread through him once more as his Class reached tier 1 and his stats and resources were increased. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the warmth transformed into a red-hot spike of pain that lasted several, eternal-seeming moments as the knowledge of his new Class skills were shoved into his head. He staggered slightly as the process continued, almost dropping to his knees before the pain abated. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Damn, it was weird suddenly knowing things he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember learning. He attempted to shake the oddness off as his logical side reminded him that time was rapidly running out for the introduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gasping, he glanced to his Guide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything else I need to do before the Introduction ends?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is recommended that you pick up the equipment provided for your chosen Class as you will be at quite a disadvantage without it,\u8221\'94 she admonished, gesturing to the table full of gear that he hadn\u8217\'92t yet noticed. \u8220\'93Only 15 minutes remain in the Introductory period.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the table sat a neatly folded pile of what looked like tan linen cloth, a leather sling bag with a tightly rolled bedroll fastened to the bottom, another folded pile of much higher quality, dark green cloth, a leather belt with a series of loops for holding a dozen round objects with a diameter slightly larger than a standard shotgun shell on one side and a knife sheath on the other, a dozen vials of colored liquid that looked just the right size to fit the loops on the belt, a pair of leather bound books with a quill-like pen, a sharp, sturdy looking knife, and a final neatly folded pile of much heavier looking brown cloth that seemed to have an odd sheen to it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped up to the table and recognized the first pile of cloth as clothing, which abruptly reminded him that he was still completely naked. Turning his back to the guide, he dressed as quickly as he could. The outfit consisted of a pair of drawstring pants, a comfortable half-sleeved linen tunic, a pair of boxers made of what looked and felt like raw silk, and a pair of thin-soled leather sandals. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, he ignored the sling bag for a moment and examined the second pile of cloth, which turned out to be a sleeveless over-tunic similar to a surcoat. He quickly pulled it over his head and shrugged his arms through the holes for them. The over-tunic had laces on both sides beneath his arms which tightened on their own once the garment was settled into place. Beneath the laces, the front and back edges of the garments reached just above his knee. He wrapped the belt around himself and fastened it so that rode just across his hips without drooping further down, with the loops on his right side and the sheath on his left hip. He began scooping up the vials and settling them into the loops on his belt, pausing only long enough to invoke his identify skill on one of each color.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Inferior Health Potion (Tier 1) - this bright red liquid will restore lost vitality instantly when consumed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inferior Mana Potion (Tier 1) - this bright blue liquid will restore expended mana instantly when consumed}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inferior Stamina Potion (Tier 1) - this bright green liquid will restore expended stamina instantly when consumed.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, those would certainly help make staying alive a little easier, as he had four of each type. He grabbed the sling bag, opened it and scooped the books and strange pen into it without giving them a second glance. He could check those out later. He picked up the knife, leaving the bag on the table once more, and checked the edge lightly with his thumb. He then settled the razor sharp blade carefully into its sheath, secured with a knife guard. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A closer examination of the final pile of cloth revealed it to be a heavy, oilskin cloak with a deep hood. Slowly rolling beside that was a small wooden wand he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen on his first glance at the table, which must have been dislodged while he\u8217\'92d grabbed other items. He stared at it, fascinated, before giving himself a shake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worrying that he was taking too long, he secured the top of the sling bag and settled the single wide strap over his shoulder and diagonally across his body, tightening it until it felt comfortable. After bouncing around a little on his feet, twisting, turning and otherwise making sure that the bag was secure and wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to get in his way, he donned the cloak and settled it comfortably before finally turning to the small wand and identifying it.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Common Tutorial Wand (Tier 1)  - A common quality mana weapon capable of reducing the mana cost of spells and abilities channeled through it and improving the accuracy of the wielder in targeting spells and abilities used with it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements to use: Tutorial participant, sentient race level 1 or higher, Mana Weapons (Tier 1) at Level 1 or better.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He frowned and picked it up. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a bad weapon, but if he was out of mana it would be entirely useless. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose I could swap this for a staff instead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is permissible,\u8221\'94 the Guide answered and instantly the wand became a sturdy walking stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It looked and felt like a lacquered length of natural wood, knobbed, slightly crooked, and considerably thicker at one end than the other. He managed to switch his grip without dropping it and hefted it in both of his hands. It had a good weight to it, about what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expect from a nice, dense hardwood. He tried to flex it and judge how much give the wood had only to find he wasn\u8217\'92t strong enough to bend it at all. All in all, it was a much better weapon, one he could easily imagine using to brain someone if need be. A quick use of identification revealed it had the same abilities and requirements as the wand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect,\u8221\'94 he settled it into his right hand and rested the narrower end on the floor, like the walking stick it resembled. \u8220\'93Anything else I need to do before the tutorial?\u8221\'94 he asked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 the Guide replied with a shake of her head. \u8220\'93The tutorial begins in four minutes. Good luck and godspeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deciding to make good use of his last few minutes, Marcus used identify on the over-tunic and cloak.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Common Over-tunic of the Magus (Tier 1) - A basic garment issued to young Magi beginning their Path. Slightly improves mana recovery speed and provides some slight protection from physical attacks while worn. Enchanted to self-repair and self-clean over time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Level 1 or higher in the Magus class, tutorial participant.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Common Tutorial Cloak of Minor Protection (Tier 1) - A basic garment issued to tutorial participants. This cloak is completely water-proof and provides some minor protection from both physical and magical attacks. Enchanted to self-repair and self-clean over time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Tutorial participant, level 1 or higher.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled, pleased with the results. He thought he had felt a slight tingle of Mana in the garments when he first touched them and was happy to see he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t imagined it. He felt as prepared as he could be in such a short amount of time. Taking moments to do some box-breathing and reign in his rising anxieties about what lay ahead, he worked to clear his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Tutorial, please stand by.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}