{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus woke up slowly, his head feeling as though it were wrapped in wool, but not in pain. His mouth was dry and he felt cold tile beneath his bare back. Which made no sense as the last thing he remembered was being in a carpeted elevator and wearing his vest and a tee shirt. He groggily opened his eyes only to be confronted with yet another screen in the center of his vision.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Welcome to the Multiverse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana adaptation process successful!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unexpected race evolution detected! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Customizing Introduction sequence\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initializing Introduction, please stand by\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Introduction period begins in 0:04:59<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beyond the semi-transparent screen, he could see that he was lying on his back staring up at a white ceiling. The room was well lit, but with no clear source of illumination. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Groaning, he forced himself to a sitting position, which allowed him to take in the rest of the room he was in. The square room was entirely white and completely empty aside from himself. Smooth white ceiling and walls, cold white tile floor, no windows or doors. Even the light in the room seemed to be a soft white color. No distinguishing features anywhere that he could he see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he was naked. No sign of his clothes, his phone, his cane, or even an entrance to the strange room. He rubbed his hands over his face and frowned. The skin on his face felt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 different. Strange. There were patches on his cheeks and brow around his eyes that felt rough and almost scaly. He frantically felt around the rest of his face, and thankfully nothing else there felt wrong. Then he looked at the rest of his body, noticing patches of dark brown to almost black scales on his torso, arms and legs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the ever-loving fuck!\u8221\'94 he scrambled to his feet in a panic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all. His fingers were slightly longer and more slender than he remembered, and tipped in hard pointed talons. His toes were tipped in somewhat shorter versions of the same. Even the skin that wasn\u8217\'92t scaly looked rougher and had darkened somewhat to an almost sandy tan color. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And his body, aside from his face and head, was hairless!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your mana adaptation activated dormant traits in your pattern,\u8221\'94 a flat emotionless female voice said from behind him. \u8220\'93This resulted in changes to your physical and metaphysical bodies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus whirled to find a tall, slender woman behind him where no one had been moments before. Like him, she had patches of scales around her eyes, on her forehead and down the visible portions of her arms. Unlike him, her scales were the vibrant green of living vegetation. He also noticed her eyes resembled those of a snake or lizard, with a vertical slit instead of a round pupil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was at this point that he realized the screen he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been seeing had vanished. \u8220\'93What the hell! What\u8217\'92s going on here?\u8221\'94 he gasped out, instinctively covering his dangly bits (which thankfully seemed unchanged) at sight of the woman. Lizard-woman?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where am I? Where are my clothes? Who are you?\u8221\'94 Marcus\u8217\'92s heart was hammering in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on is your universe is being integrated into the Multiverse by the System. You are currently in the Introduction sequence, an experience intended to help you understand the changes to your world and prepare you for the tutorial.\u8221\'94 Her voice remained even, with the sort of flat affect he was more accustomed to hearing from AI generated voices reading a script. \u8220\'93Your clothes and belongings were destroyed by exposure to the intense mana required to trigger your mana adaptation. I am your Guide to the Introduction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}