{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus swallowed hard on seeing the System message about his Mana Control skill. Apparently the better you were at something in the System, the harder you got pushed to excel. Now he could only hope he could rise to the challenge. He concentrated, focusing his entire attention on the task at hand and shutting away everything else. The mana density in the room with him was skyrocketing, increasing an order of magnitude more quickly than it had in previous evaluations. It took everything he had learned, everything he had accomplished so far, to keep up with purifying, circulating and condensing the mana into his core. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within what felt like mere minutes he was at the limit of what his existing pathways could handle and he felt them starting to break down. He needed better methods and more robust pathways if he was going to keep up. He needed another breakthrough in his understanding of mana, he needed something more than what he had been taught. He shut out the pain as he fell behind and the impure mana grated against his pathways and strained his core. Pain, after all, had been a constant companion of his for decades. It was practically an old friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mentally, he stepped back. Expanding his mana senses to see the whole picture of how he was handling the mana around him. He slowed his breathing, buying himself more time to find a solution before his current mana system would breakdown. Observe. Understand. Act. It was the most basic core principle he had ever relied on. Observe what is going on. Pay attention to every detail, no matter how minor. Keep observing until you see both the  patterns and the deviations from the pattern. Then you can understand. You can start to follow the causality, the cascade of effects resulting from both adhering to the pattern and deviating from it. Only after you understand can you act without adding chaos to the system. And you should never add unwanted chaos to an otherwise stable system.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He focused intently, studying the flow of mana and seeing the flaws, even ignoring the System notifications he felt accumulating. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [The mana flow was slowing down, backing up. The unmoving mana that made up his core was bogging the whole system down, stealing the momentum of the mana flow. But how to fix that when it took time to compress the incoming mana into the core itself.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He considered the problem for just a few moments before inspiration hit him. He reached into the mana at his core, and twisted, turning the mana. He focused and pictured a stick stirring the mana until it started moving. The he pushed it rotate faster, in a tighter circle before slightly altering the pathways into and out of his core. Now the faster moving, more dense mana coming into his system would maintain the rotation perpetually and the mana exiting would exit with the force of the rotation speeding it along. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instantly the pain and pressure on his internal mana pathways began to ease, even as he continued to watch it closely and observe the effects of the change. To his surprise, the denser the mana around him became, the faster the entire system moved, fueled by increased incoming energy. Even more interesting was the fact that the mana rotating in his core was acting like a centrifuge, separating even more of affinities and impurities from the incoming mana and siphoning those unwanted parts into the outflow. More and more mana of ever greater purity and higher density was being pulled into his core this way. In fact, he felt himself nearing the threshold of a second compression. It just needed a little push and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abruptly the mana in the deepest part of his core collapsed inward like dying star and the rush of mana to fill the void thus created almost disrupted his entire flow. Gritting his teeth tightly, he pushed through the pain, once more reaching into his core and pushing the mana into motion, stabilizing and accelerating the rotation once again. It was an intensely unpleasant process as mana that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been purified enough rushed into his core to fill the void and only as he finally got it back up to speed and expelling unwanted affinities did the pain finally start to lessen.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When his core fully stabilized at it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new level of compression the pain vanished and he began to breath easier, relaxing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally he turned to his accumulated System messages, scrolling through the list on his screen to the bottom and most important notifications. And there were a lot of them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Apprentice Mana Control ( Tier 4 ) has improved to Level 2!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Apprentice Mana Control ( Tier 4 ) has improved to level 40!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Your Mana Core Compression has improved from Tier 1 to Tier 2! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana drawn from your core has increased in potency.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana pool has increased by an additional 75% over it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Tier 1 value.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Apprentice Mana Control (Tier 4) Level 40 has evolved to Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You accomplished the second compression before choosing a path!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mana Control Prodigy\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91Mana Control Greater Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20% (This replaces the 10% bonus from the previous title in the series.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are the first sapient in your Universe to be recognized as a Greater Prodigy!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Universal Greater Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10% (This bonus stacks with all other titles in series.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You have improved your first skill to Tier 5!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Journeyman\u8217\'92. Title slightly reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are the first sapient in the Milky Way galaxy to improve a skill from Tier 4l to Tier 5!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91First Journeyman in the Milky Way\u8217\'92 Title slightly reduces the difficulty of improving skills of Tier 4 and below. (Stacks with the benefits of the \u8216\'91Advanced\u8217\'92 title.)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Current Cycle Duration remaining 0:12:09<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wow. That was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a thing. An evolved skill, one upgraded title and three new titles, all from solving one problem he only found because the System decided to crank up the difficulty of his evaluation. Not that he was going to argue, it felt damn good. Apparently he had a natural talent for controlling mana, who\u8217\'92d have thunk it? He also had to admit that seeing concrete evidence for how good he was at something and how those skills improved was a hell of a motivator. It felt awesome watching the numbers go up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, the experience was revealing in a bunch of other ways too, as he had a ton of new questions for his Guide. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [Did he have some kind of status screen where he could see his stats, skills and titles?]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  What were classes? Okay, he had a pretty good idea what classes probably were, but he wanted confirmation. How did he get a class? How did he get more skills? Would any of his pre-System skills be recognized by the System? How could he learn more about using his mana? Did the existence of mana imply the existence of magic? There was just a lot he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. Yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus resumed his deep breathing, this time to calm his excitement instead of the mana raging through him. It seemed increasingly like the arrival of the System in their universe was about to dump them into a reality that bore a strong resemblance to the video and tabletop roleplaying games he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always loved. That had a lot of troubling implications when he thought about it. Those kinds of game worlds were rarely safe or tranquil. Is that what the System meant by promoting competition between organisms? And rewarding them by letting them see their improvement in the things they did and even granting titles when they do something truly impressive? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would definitely light a fire under some to explore everything the system had to offer and improve themselves. He knew that his people, his friends, his daughter, his brother and sister-in-law and their family, would probably be fine. All of them were gamers of one sort or another and had the innate gamer addiction to the dopamine hits from watching numbers go up. Hell they probably wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just be fine, they\u8217\'92d probably thrive. Other folks though? There would be a lot of people who would struggle in such a radically changed world. In fact, he\u8217\'92d wager that human society as it was died the day the System came to Earth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}