{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When my cell phone rang for the first time I'd been working for hours and had started building the foundation I needed for the knowledge I sought. I glanced at who the call was from and it turned out it was my daughter. I tapped the bluetooth earpiece I was wearing to answer it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey kiddo, what's up?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nicky replied with her usual sardonic wit, "Oh you know, the ceiling, the sky, taxes... the usual stuff. What's up with you?" Nicky was thirteen and was widely accepted as proof that cloning was a bad idea, at least among my friends and family who insisted she'd have to be a clone to be any more like me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Is your Mom around?" I asked, trying to mask my suddenly surging anxiety. "I've got some important stuff to tell you and it's not something I want to have to talk about any more often than I have to."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sure, she's upstairs working on something she claims will be dinner. I'm still skeptical on that front. You want me to go up and put you on speaker?" I could hear the barest hint of hesitance in her voice as she asked. The last time I'd started a conversation like this had been about the time her grand-dad, my stepdad Mick, had come down with leukemia a few years earlier. That had ended oddly well, seeing as Mick was coming up on his 3rd year since beating it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Is your stepdad there too?" I really didn't like Nicky's stepdad. The man was a classic, emotionally stunted, cis-het man and a pretty garbage human in my opinion. The kind of dad who thought of taking care of his own children as baby-sitting rather than just being a fucking parent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You kidding? It's barely 6pm, if he gets in from work before 8 or 9 we buy lottery tickets."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay then yes please. And if she tries to fuss, just tell her it's important or I wouldn't ask."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sure... be all dramatic." I could hear the slight change in her breathing as she climbed the stairs from her basement bedroom up the stairs to the kitchen. Then I heard the muffled sounds of her talking to her mother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nicky's mom, Amy, had been my first real adult relationship after I got out of the Army. I'd been in my twenties and nursing a bad-boy image after a couple years in the service. It was a whirlwind romance and we got married in less than a year. It wasn't until years later, after Nicky was born, that I realized she married me to fix me. Even though as a Psych major she should have known better even then. Nicky was the final nail in our marriage's coffin, not that I would ever tell her that. She was the only good thing left from that trainwreck and even if I could go back and change any part of it, I wouldn't. It might result in a world without Nicky.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay pop, I'm putting you on speaker." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks kiddo. Hey Amy. Sorry to interrupt dinner for you guys, but this can't really wait any longer." I paused to gather my thoughts for just a moment and let the Litany against Fear roll through my head. The words always helped me when I had to do something like this. "You'll both want to sit down and brace yourselves, this is... bad."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment of silence was loud. I could hear them shuffling around and the faint scrape of kitchen chairs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, Tim," Amy was using her counselor's voice, so at least she had clearly believed me when I said it was bad. "We're sitting down, and you have our undivided attention..."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, so there's no easy way to tackle this... you both remember that I was seeing another neurologist yesterday about the pains and numbness I've been having?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah..." I could hear the anxiety in Nicky's voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well I have a diagnosis now. I have ALS," I didn't try to sound upbeat or sugarcoat it. "It's a neurodegenerative disease that will gradually kill off my motor neurons. It will cause me to slowly lose any control over my body until I eventually suffer respiratory failure and die."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence reigned supreme for the next few moments, which stretched on for at least a lifetime. "Take you time to process it." I said as gently as I could. "Believe me I know what a shock to the system this is. I've barely started wrapping my head around it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amy managed to pull herself together first, as a counselor she was probably better equipped to deal with this kind of bomb being dropped than anyone else I know. "What's the treatment? How long... how long before you start to exhibit paralysis?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Treatment is... mostly laughable honestly. It's therapy. All kinds of therapies to manage the symptoms. There are some drugs approved for use in treating it which may slow the progression, but they're expensive and mostly only modestly effective." I kept my voice as steady as I could, but the waver in it was both obvious and unavoidable at this point. "The average survival time with ALS is two to five years. About 25% live five or more years and up to 10% live more than ten. Stephen Hawking, however, managed to live more than 50 years with it, so anything is possible."  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "As for how long before the symptoms reach a point where they're noticeable to someone other than me? No way to tell." I sighed. "The disease is famously unpredictable in terms of what it attacks and when during the progression."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So... what are you going to do?" Nicky's voice was soft and shaking. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "To start with, I'm going to research the living shit out of this." I firmed my voice up, trying to project a conviction that I didn't entirely feel. "Then I'm going to find and apply to every medical study I can find with promising research or results behind it. I'm either going to going to kick this disease's ass or battle my way into Valhalla trying." I swallowed hard. "I'm going to live to see you graduate, Nicky. And neither hell nor high water is going to stand in my way."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration...'}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even as I made the promise, I knew my odds of keeping it were poor and I could feel my fear scrabbling at the gates of my soul.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}