{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, am I misremembering, or did the System say something about terraforming Earth because it was too small?\u8221\'94 He asked, curious if this line of questions would be considered relevant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is inaccurate,\u8221\'94 The Guide replied before clarifying. \u8220\'93The entire Sol system is being terraformed as modifying a singular planetary body within the required parameters would destabilize this star system.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what?\u8221\'94 Marcus\u8217\'92s jaw dropped open. \u8220\'93The whole star system?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Correct. There will be fewer terrestrial planets in this system, but each will be significantly larger than their pre-System equivalents.\u8221\'94 The Guide explained, seemingly unconcerned by his reaction. \u8220\'93The gas giants will have been merged with your primary star, planetary distances from the primary will have been adjusted to keep habitable planets in equivalent positions within the Goldilocks zone, and new orbital patterns will have been established to accommodate increased planetary and stellar masses.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long will that take?\u8221\'94 He felt completely overwhelmed by the degree of change that implied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Initial restructuring coincided with the Mana Adaptation period, with all non-sapient life having been returned to Earth at that time. The total duration of that period was 21 hours, 32 minutes and 7 seconds.\u8221\'94 She continued calmly. \u8220\'93All non-sapient life will spend the duration of both the Introduction and the Tutorial periods adapting to the mana conditions on Earth and being strengthened sufficiently to provide a challenge for Earth\u8217\'92s sapient inhabitants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}