{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tutorial Duration remaining: 124:06:36:12<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus spent the next few hours navigating the forest and dealing with the more aggressive beasts he encountered. His imbued Mana spikes and imbued barriers were every bit the improvement he had hoped they would be, allowing him to handle a few groups of lower level beasts with ease as well as a single, stronger creature that he encountered at the  base of a large hill. A hill that held a cave with a very strong mana signature deep within it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spent several minutes studying the mouth of the cave and the ground before it, looking for the tracks of any animals that might call it home. Finding no tracks actually entering the cave, he carefully made his way inside. After a couple steps, Marcus realized this was no natural cave. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t apparent from the overgrown outside, but the entryway was a carved stone archway engraved with magical formations to deter animals from entering. The walls were smooth flat stone blocks that had once been sheathed in pristine white plaster that was now broken and crumbling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the back of the deep entryway, a spiral stone staircase descended into the ground. His Mana senses insisted that was where he would find the Mana signature he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been following. So he began his descent, carefully edging into the growing darkness. As he finished the first full turn of the spiral he should have been plunged into complete blackness, instead a series of small crystals set into the wall at waist height flickered to life and began radiating a soft blue-white radiance to illuminate the area. He continued his cautious descent, testing each stair with the end of his staff before stepping down onto it. It took a total of seven turns of the spiral to reach the bottom of the stairs, which ended in a black corridor some five meters wide with a vaulted ceiling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he crossed the threshold of the corridor, torches set in sconces at intervals along the walls burst to life with an eerie bluish-green flame that gave off light without heat or smoke. At the far end of the hall, some 50 meters ahead, the corridor was sealed by a pair of large, intricately carved stone doors. As Marcus stopped and examined the engravings, his Lingual Savant ability activated and he could suddenly read the words carved into the lintel of the doorway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93In Discovery we find Truth. In Truth we find Freedom.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He carefully ran his hand over a beautifully detailed engraving of a rampant European dragon, exhaling flames at its foes, bringing up a System prompt.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>You have discovered the Legacy Challenge Dungeon: Secrets of the Past! 12,800 IP awarded for being the first to discover this secret location!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 You have uncovered a hidden objective: Complete the Secrets of the Past and claim its legacy (0/2).}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Tutorial Dungeon requirements: Must be level 5 or higher in a sentient Race.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Challenge Dungeon rules: }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Only 1 individual may enter this Dungeon at a time. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 This Dungeon may only be attempted once per individual.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Once completed successfully, this Dungeon cannot be attempted by any other individual. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Dying in this Dungeon will result in failure, but the participant will be fully restored and returned to the Dungeon entrance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 No participant may spend more than 30 days (subjective) in this Dungeon.  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: This Legacy Challenge Dungeon exists outside of local space-time constraints. One day in the Dungeon is one hour here.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Do you wish to attempt Legacy Challenge Dungeon: Secrets of the Past?}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that was a hell of an opportunity. First crack at a Dungeon that only one person can ever complete successfully. His only real question was what was the difference between a Dungeon and a Legacy Challenge Dungeon? So he asked the System.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Legacy Challenge Dungeons are a special type of Dungeon event, usually limited to a single participant. These events are normally focused on presenting the participant with specific types of obstacles in an effort to identify if they are worthy of inheriting a specific Legacy. Successful completion of a Legacy Challenge Dungeon usually rewards a powerful Race, Path, Class, or Profession as well as potent items intended for that Race, Path, Class or Profession. You cannot be permanently killed within any Challenge Dungeon.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  Legacy Challenge Dungeons are only found during the Tutorials offered as part of integrating a new Universe. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: Refusing the Legacy rewarded by such a Dungeon invalidates Dungeon completion and results in automatic failure of that Dungeon.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that was a good enough explanation for him. He accepted the prompt and blinked as he was suddenly somewhere else entirely. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}