{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs56\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Working Title:\tab }{\f2\fs56\b0\i1 Hive Mind<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Genre:  Science Fiction/Character Study/Psychological Horror}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Concept:  <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the not too distant future a data scientist is diagnosed with an invariably fatal neurodegenerative disease (ALS). As an atypical case, he finds himself facing a ticking clock without hope for being able to participate in medical studies that might produce a cure before he dies or extend his life expectancy. So he turns to technology looking for a solution and finds himself involved in advanced research into reproducing a human mind in cutting edge quantum computers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As his disease worsens and his body fails around him he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forced to face questions of what constitutes a \u8216\'91human\u8217\'92 and to consider the implications of the research he\u8217\'92s been advancing. Will copying his mind into a machine extend his life or end it? What is it that has the military industrial complex funding this research in the first place? Which is more frightening, death or being trapped forever as \u8216\'91software\u8217\'92 in a quantum machine?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a moment of desperation, he agrees to be the first human volunteer for the copying process, a scan so energetic and intense that the current version of the hardware destroys the brain even as it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s duplicated. He wakes up later to find that he\u8217\'92s become Earth\u8217\'92s first Quantum Intelligence and that it took the project decades to advance the computing hardware to a point where it could support his awareness and that his mind is the only one that has ever been successfully copied. In the interim however, the copy of his mind has been used to advance AI and expert systems by leaps and bounds. There are now millions of non-sentient computer intelligences throughout the solar system based on his mind, controlling everything from infrastructure systems to spacecraft to simple domestic assistants to military control and command systems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unexpected by everyone, however, every AI based on his scans are entangled with him on a Quantum level. He knows everything they know and can do anything they can. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s become a vast Quantum Hive Mind even as he finds that everyone and everything he knew as a human is gone. What will become of him and the humanity he feels so distant from now?}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Themes:<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Facing the end of life}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The line between man and machine}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Research ethics and human morality}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Acton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s proposition (Does absolute power always corrupt absolutely?)}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Length:\tab Novella/Novel<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}}