{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abruptly the world around Marcus changed. He found himself on a small platform, enclosed by walls on three sides. From the back wall to the edge of the platform he had maybe three meters, and beyond that open air with what looked like a series of round concrete pillars with flat tops that looked to be about 30 centimeters in diameter. The poles were spaced out evenly with what looked to be somewhere between two and three meters between them.  There were six such poles between him and another platform.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moved to the edge of the platform and looked down. The floor was between two and two and half meters down and covered in what looked like sand. While that was a distance that probably wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t result in life threatening injuries, it would still hurt like a bitch if he landed wrong. Clearly the goal here was to use the tops of the poles to traverse the gap without falling. The distance between poles was a bit intimidating, but this first obstacle didn\u8217\'92t seem impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rather than take a run up, Marcus moved close to the edge and focused on where he was going to land before executing a standing jump with what he thought would be enough effort. The moment he launched himself forward he realized he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made a mistake. He landed with too much forward momentum to easily stop, but not enough to simply hop to the next pole. As his feet struck the top of the pole, he bent his legs and hips to absorb the impact, but his body rolled forward, pitching him off the pole. He immediately tucked his chin against his chest and threw his weight into the roll. He needed to rotate far enough to get his legs back under him before he hit the ground or he was going to really hurt himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Time seemed to slow to a crawl as he felt his body pivot through space. Moments before his impact on the sand, his feet got back under him and he turned his forward motion into a shoulder roll when his feet touched the sand. He spread the impact as he bled the momentum off. The sand kept him from rolling back to his feet, being deeper and dryer than he had feared, which left him lying on his back with some of the air knocked out of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, he found himself standing back on the platform where he began, with no sign of having landed in the sand other than feeling slightly winded from the landing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 1! <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least you can land without injury.\u8221\'94 The Guide commented from beside him. \u8220\'93Please try again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded, deciding that he needed a slightly different approach. He recalled crossing streams as teen, hopping from one unsteady rock to another without really stopping. That technique seemed much more likely to work here. So he positioned himself a couple paces from the edge and began moving, springing forward and landing with one foot on the first pole before letting the momentum carry him forward to the next with the opposite foot. He repeated this process as he crossed each pole, loosing some of his momentum with each of his hopping steps. As he pushed off the last pole, he knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite going to make that last distance. Without really thinking he rotated his body, moving his upper body forward and shifting toward a horizontal position, extending his arms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Way back in his junior high gym classes, Marcus had been taught how to vault during a section on basic gymnastics. Somehow, his body seemed to remember it better than he did. The shift in position resulted in his hands }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [planting on the platform a short distance past the edge of the platform.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Using the contact, he further rotated his body, bring himself up over the edge and rolling onto the platform. Exhilaration flooded him and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but whoop in pure joy. That had been fun! A little scary, sure, but fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 1! Agility has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Acceptably done.\u8221\'94 The Guide commented from beside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The remainder of the evaluation cycle went much the same as he spent the next few hours working his was through the course. After the second obstacle, which was a more advanced version of the first, with more poles offset from each other instead of in a straight line, the Guide began instructing him in some basic technique where his own attempts fell short. Until, finally, he gained the skill they were trying to impart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Athleticism (Tier 1) Level 1! Agility, Strength and Endurance have each increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rest period duration remaining: 0:14:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instantly finding himself back in the room from his first evaluation, Marcus relaxed and settled into a seated position on the floor. Rather than trying to parse through the System notifications he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been ignoring, he brought up his status screen to see his progress so far.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 99/99}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 198/198 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 40/83}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 100/100}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 6.6\tab \tab \tab Willpower: 9.9}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 9.9\tab   \tab \tab Intelligence: 6.6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 6.6\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 5.5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 9.9\tab \tab Luck: 5.5}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Meditation (Tier 2) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Athleticism (Tier 1) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 8}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman - slightly reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Journeyman in the Milky Way - additional slight reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So far, this evaluation had resulted in gaining a point of strength and three points each of agility and endurance with attendant gains of 30 vitality and 23 stamina. That seemed pretty good so far, but made him wonder what was up next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide spoke up before he could ask. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your gains so far have met expectations. The next cycle will focus on strength through the lifting, carrying and dragging of dead weight. The first step of the evaluation will be a series of deadlifts to establish your maximum lifting capability. The second step will be lifting and carrying a large weighted object a distance of 20 meters. This, too, will be repeated until the object becomes too heavy to carry the full distance. The final step will be dragging an object with a drag line attached. The object will grow heavier every meter it is dragged. The test will be complete when you can no longer move the object.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two hours are allocated to complete this evaluation, however you may rest no more than 15 minutes between tests and once all three tests are complete you may use any remaining time as a rest period, though no questions will be answered until the full cycle is complete.\u8221\'94 The Guide paused. \u8220\'93I would recommend meditation between tests to maximize recovery in your case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded and settled into a brief meditation to prepare for the first test. }}