{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus slept dreamlessly, or at least it seemed so to him. He knew from college psych classes that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  [everyone would dream multiple dreams every night,] }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but he definitely didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember dreaming this time. Which seemed weird given everything that happened. The moment he opened his eyes on the pitch black chamber he\u8217\'92d been in since the System arrived, the lights in the chamber gradually brightened and he was confronted with a System message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Introduction time remaining: 86:51:18}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Second Evaluation in 03:41:18<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some quick mental math told him he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d slept almost six and a half hours, and he felt completely refreshed, in spite of having been awake for almost 27 straight hours. That felt\u8230\'85 off somehow. Maybe the mana in his system helped refresh him faster? Another question to ask, at any rate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thinking of mana, he turned his senses inward and observed his mana flows, happily finding them stable and his core completely refilled at it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new density. This did not mean that he was anywhere near ready to try another compression, only that his mana pool was once again full. Honestly, the mana around him now was so thin compared to the evaluations that he doubted he could even attempt a third compression in these conditions at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat up, expected a degree of stiffness from sleep, only to find he felt like he had when he was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  [back in his 20\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, which was almost 30 years ago.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Still, he gingerly got to his feet and felt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 nothing. No pain, no stiffness, no hunger, no thirst. On the contrary, he felt energized, clear-headed and ready to take on the world. Looking around he noticed his Guide regarding him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe the proper greeting in your culture would be\u8230\'85 Good morning?\u8221\'94 she made it more of a question than a statement, with a faint trace of a smile on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And good morning to you as well,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93Did you sleep? Or do you even need such things being a projection of the System?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not and do not. In spite of appearing to be a biological organism, I am not actually one. While you slept, I monitored you and the time, so that I could wake you as requested if necessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Monitored me?\u8221\'94 Marcus\u8217\'92s face twisted in an uncomfortable expression. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is part of my purpose. I am here to Guide you and act to preserve your life within reason. That requires me to be aware of your status.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My\u8230\'85 status?\u8221\'94 His uncomfortable expression transitioned into an actual frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You may also access your status as well, by saying or thinking the command \u8216\'91show status\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 she explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show status,\u8221\'94 he repeated, causing a screen to appear before him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Status}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality:  69/69}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 158/158 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 60/60}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 98/98}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 5.5\tab \tab \tab Willpower: 9.9}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 4.4\tab   \tab \tab Intelligence: 6.6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 6.6\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 4.4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 6.6 \tab \tab Luck: 5.5}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman - slightly reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Advanced in the Milky Way - additional slight reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus stared slack jawed at the information presented to him, it was a lot to take in. Really, a lot. Luckily, he understood most of the basics from context. His Vitality was a measure of how much physical damage he could take, mana was an abstraction of how much mana was in his core, and stamina probably measured how much physical exertion he could undertake before exhausting himself. Glancing over his other stats he quickly realized  that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t directly link any of his stats to his resource pools, so there must be some math going on behind the scenes that he didn\u8217\'92t see. And several of the stats were somewhat\u8230\'85 ambiguous in meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between agility and dexterity?\u8221\'94 he asked, that being the first thing to spring to his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agility is a measure of gross motor control, your ability to coordinate and control the large muscle groups in your body. Dexterity is a measure of fine motor control, your ability to coordinate and control the small muscles in your body and perform precise movements.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, that makes sense. I\u8217\'92ve always wondered why those get lumped into a single thing so often in games. And what do intelligence and wisdom represent in this context?\u8221\'94 he followed up with his next question. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intelligence is composite of how quickly and accurately you can think and analyze data within your knowledge base. It also reflects your learning speed. Wisdom is your ability to evaluate the reliability of data and weight that reliability in your decision making process, it also reflects your intuition and ability to understand esoterica. Wisdom determines the depth of your mana pool in conjuction with your core compression and contributes to soul stability,\u8221\'94 she smiled and continued. \u8220\'93Or as they put it on your world: Intelligence is recognizing a tomato is a fruit and Wisdom is knowing it doesn\u8217\'92t go in fruit salad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus burst out laughing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t expected you to know that reference,\u8221\'94 he admitted after a few moments. \u8220\'93Since you brought it up though, what exactly is Soul Stability?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the Multiverse, everything you are: your knowledge, your stats, your abilities, your psyche, everything, is contained within your soul. It is a complete record of your entire life from birth onward and is the seat of what makes you you,\u8221\'94 she explained. \u8220\'93When someone uses a spell or ability to attempt to usurp control of your self or to attack your psyche, those are attacks against your soul and will degrade your Soul Stability. Traumatic events and mental shocks can also degrade your Soul Stability. Prior to the System adapting your body for mana, your Soul Stability was significantly impacted by your experiences in the military, for example.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My PTSD reduces my Soul Stability?\u8221\'94 Marcus could certainly understand that being the case after all..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Your PTSD reduced your Soul Stability before System intervention. The condition you call PTSD caused physical alterations to your brain. Those changes were undone as part of mana adaptation.\u8221\'94 She clarified, \u8220\'93While you may continue to exhibit some of those behaviors, it is because your mind remembers, but those memories should no longer elicit the same visceral responses they once did because the biochemistry and brain structures responsible have been corrected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The System cured my PTSD?\u8221\'94 Marcus was thunderstruck by what that would mean for the human race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Along with most other structural and biochemical brain abnormalities,\u8221\'94 she confirmed. \u8220\'93Part of the mana adaptation process involved repairing all significant damage to the physical body, including the brain. Though remembered behaviors and triggers may persist for a while, they are now matters of habit rather than malfunction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s incredible.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [He was having a hard time truly comprehending what that would mean for him or humanity as a whole.] }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then his logical brain prodded him with the reminder that he was working on a deadline and still needed more information. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what does Willpower affect then if Soul Stability is a measure of my\u8230\'85 mental fortitude?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Willpower is a measure of your ability to cope with mental shocks, to resist pain, and to resist adversity. It provides the bulk of your base Soul Stability and a small portion of your base Vitality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah ha! \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92d assume the rest of Vitality is based on Endurance?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct for base Vitality. And the remainder of your base Soul Stability is based on your Wisdom and Mana Core Compression.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mana Core Compression?\u8221\'94 That was somewhat surprising.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Mana Core is part of your Soul. Compressing it strengthens your soul.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I think I can see that. And I assume those resource pools will increase as I raise my Level?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vitality, Mana and Stamina will increase as you level, yes. Soul Stability will only increase as either your Willpower, Wisdom, or Core Compression improves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. So then, everyone\u8217\'92s Soul is a bit of a soft target compared to Vitality?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a manner of speaking, perhaps. But permanent damage to the Soul is difficult to inflict and it regenerates more rapidly than any other resource pool.\u8221\'94 She tilted her head slightly, \u8220\'93Also, Soul attacks can only kill you if they completely obliterate your Soul, which is extremely difficult for mortal beings to accomplish. Destabilizing your Soul will only allow them to render you temporarily vulnerable to mental manipulations and psychic influences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah! That makes more sense\u8230\'85 its more of a threshold they have to overcome!\u8221\'94 Marcus nodded his understanding. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not an inaccurate assessment, if somewhat simplistic.\u8221\'94 His Guide conceded the point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, so what do these stat numbers actually mean? I mean, I assume more is better, but how do my stats compare to human averages?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pre-System humans would fall between 0 and 7 in most cases with an average around 3  or 4 and truly exceptional individuals perhaps reaching as 8 or even 9. The mana adaptation process caused an upward shift in most stats, such that adapted humans now average between 5 and 8 in most stats.\u8221\'94 She paused and glanced at him to ensure he was following her explanation. \u8220\'93Your Agility and Wisdom are slightly below average, likely resulting from physical and psychological damage before the system limiting them. Your Willpower is significantly higher than average.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My busted ass leg and my PTSD,\u8221\'94 he agreed nodding. \u8220\'93Can stats be increased? Other than by titles, which obviously increased my stats.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At various stages in your progression, you will gain additional titles that improve your stats automatically. You will also get direct stat increases from improving certain skills and abilities, and a small number of stat points you may distribute directly as you level.\u8221\'94 She smiled, \u8220\'93You will likely gain some of those types of skills and abilities from some of the remaining evaluations and also from any class or professions you acquire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how do I gain classes or professions? And how does that work?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The last thing that will happen in the Introduction is the choice of a Class or Profession. You will potentially have opportunities in your Tutorial period to pick up whichever of the two you did not select during the Introduction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what\u8217\'92s the difference between the two? Are you stuck with whatever you choose? What benefits do they provide?\u8221\'94 He grew excited once more as the gamer geek in him latched on to the idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Classes and professions are two different types of path. Classes tend to be more focused on combat and dealing with physical dangers. Professions tend to be much less directly applicable in combat, often focusing on crafting or more esoteric things.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [She paused as if considering, or checking how much information she was able to divulge at this stage.] [SYSTEM PROCESSING]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All paths provide the same general types of benefits: namely skills and abilities. When you select a path you will immediately be granted a set of core skills and abilities for that path, some of which may even be entirely unique to that path. As you improve in those core skills, you will advance the Tier of your chosen path. At each new Tier, you will gain one or more additional skills and abilities. At some Tiers you may also encounter branches in your path, allowing you to choices that will further shape your future path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide paused again allowing all of that information to sink in before they continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may also encounter opportunities to abandon a path in favor of a new one, especially during your Tutorial period, but occasionally even later on. Be warned however that abandoning a path is not without its consequences. You may lose access to skills and abilities and possibly even Tier progress when changing paths.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   Marcus nodded slowly. That all made sense and meant he needed to consider his choices carefully. Which meant he needed more information to make better choices. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly are skills and abilities?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Skills and abilities are System-assisted actions you can learn to perform. They can be obtained one of two ways: either being directly granted by the System during advancement or by demonstrating a sufficient level of innate or learned proficiency resulting in the System-assist kicking in and granting you the skill. The skill you currently have resulted from you learning and progressing the techniques I taught you during the evaluation, and even refining them beyond what you were taught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So if I demonstrate sufficient proficiency in something, the System will just award me a skill for it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially, yes,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Though performance in a stressful situation or circumstance is far more likely to result in a skill than performance under relaxed circumstances unless what you are demonstrating is particularly complex or delicate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And using a skill to perform difficult tasks is what advances them?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All use of skills works to advance them, but difficult tasks or new applications of the skill result in faster progress.\u8221\'94 She paused a moment before offering an example, \u8220\'93Compressing your Mana Core is a good example. Each time you did it, it required you to refine new techniques and push the limits of your existing techniques. Thus, it resulted in significant advancement each time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded and considered his status screen once more. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I make the status screen go away? And can I hide System notifications as well when they might interfere with what I\u8217\'92m doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Simply say or think \u8216\'91hide status\u8217\'92. You may also say or think \u8216\'91hide notifications\u8217\'92 though notifications graded as urgent will still display when received. Also please note that System commands like these require intent when spoken or thought. You cannot hide or show notifications or the status screen accidentally.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good to know.\u8221\'94 He dismissed both the status screen and the notification screen he could just see behind it with a thought before practicing the process a few times to get comfortable with it. Then he asked his final pertinent question, one he\u8217\'92d been holding on to for a while now. \u8220\'93So, magic is a thing then? You mentioned spells earlier I think?\u8221\'94}}