{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pain exploded through my gut as the fist crashed into my abdomen. I folded over the impact. The strike drove the breath out of my lungs and stole the strength from my entire body. I went slack, my dead weight dragging me out of the grip of the men trying to hold me up for this beating, and I dropped to the ground at my attacker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. I lay there gasping and coughing, blood splattering from exhalations onto the surface beneath me and, in a perversely satisfying turn, onto the pant legs and shoes of the man\u8217\'92s expensive suit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him up!\u8221\'94 The man angrily barked at his minions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I fought to suppress a bout of mad giggles. He had minions, actual minions. I gasped in a breath and intentionally spat to clear the remaining blood from my mouth, hitting his polished black leather shoes squarely with a heavy gobbet as they roughly man-handled me to my feet. The pain that tore through my guts as they pulled me upright suggested that last hit might have ruptured something important. I was in a whole world of shit right now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tony,\u8221\'94 I gasped breathlessly. Having trouble getting air into my lungs was also a bad sign. \u8220\'93Tony, Tony.\u8221\'94 I repeated, sounding more like a 5 year old trying to get an adult\u8217\'92s attention than a grown man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, asshole?\u8221\'94 he growled back at me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gimme a minute,\u8221\'94 I sounded awful as I spoke again. Was that a faint gurgle of liquid in my lungs? Maybe I\u8217\'92d punctured one. I sure as hell felt like I had broken ribs capable of such a thing. \u8220\'93Lemme catch my breath.\u8221\'94 I struggled for a moment, painfully pulling in air and forcing my head up to look him in the face. I probably looked like I\u8217\'92d gone a few rounds with a prize fighter at this point. My left eye was swollen shut, my right was blurry as hell and I could feel blood trickling from my lips. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To my deep surprise, Tony did pause the beating, waiting expectantly for me to say something. Probably thinking I was gonna tell him whatever the fuck it was he thought I knew that was worth this kind of beating. Truthfully, I was so scrambled at this point I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even sure why he was doing his best to beat me to death. Not that the reason mattered much; Tony was a mean motherfucker on his best days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tried to meet his eyes with my semi-functional one. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Tony, I\u8217\'92m sorry man. I had no idea that was your mother when I fucked her.\u8221\'94 Yeah, I mouth off. A lot. Especially when I\u8217\'92m getting my ass kicked, but I wasn\u8217\'92t about to give these assholes the satisfaction of thinking they were gonna get jack shit out of me. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s very sexy for an older\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was cut off by his fist, wrapped around a roll of quarters, crashing into my temple and sending me back to the ground. The world swam around for me a while and I thought for sure that I was going out for a while. Sadly, I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that lucky, so I just laughed weakly instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think this is funny? You think this is a game?\u8221\'94 He shouted at me before kicking me with the shoe I hadn\u8217\'92t bled on. Yet. I curled around the kicks as small explosions seemed to blossom through me with each impact. Still, I managed to roll enough to lessen the severity of each kick. I\u8217\'92ve gotten damn good at taking beatings over the years, but this one was bad by any standard. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think you\u8217\'92re gonna just walk away after the shit you pulled?\u8221\'94 His anger was getting the better of him. Usually, that was a good thing when you were taking a beating. Angry people didn\u8217\'92t think, they just reacted. Angry people weren\u8217\'92t as controlled, as able to make sure you were getting hurt with every hit, they were sloppy and that usually made it easier to absorb more hits with less actual damage. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he got tired of kicking my ribs in, his two goons dragged me back to my feet and moved me several feet across the roof we were standing on. As my head swam, I registered that we were approaching the edge, no more than a couple feet from a 12 story shaft of open air over a narrow alleyway. This was not good. When my eyes focused back on Tony he was using a handkerchief to clean my blood off his battered knuckles. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do not fuck with the family, asshole,\u8221\'94 Tony said flatly, not even looking at me. \u8220\'93You just do not fuck with the family. But you. You just had to fuck around and find out.\u8221\'94 He looked up at me one last time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See if he knows how to fly.\u8221\'94 The words were flat, clipped with his anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For just a moment time seemed to almost stop as I watched him turn on his heel and walk away. With a low grunt, his thugs heaved and I was lifted off my feet and tossed like so much garbage. Then I was falling. This was going to hurt.}}