{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I groaned as I opened my eyes. It had been a shit week so far and this was the cherry on top of it all. Dying unexpectedly was always such an inconvenience. And I had only just taken this particular body less than a year ago. Bloody airplane crashes were so unpredictable and unavoidably public in this modern information age. Creating new identities and reclaiming one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belongings was so much more complicated than it used to be, and now I\u8217\'92d have to spend months preparing another vessel, just in case. And I\u8217\'92d have to be more circumspect than usual until it was ready to boot. If I died publicly again before then, well that would be more than just inconvenient. Preparing a new body while stuck as an incorporeal spirit would take a hell of a lot longer than just a few months after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening my mouth, I forced the dead lungs of my new form to draw breath for the first time since it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s original occupant vacated the premises several years ago. I couldn\u8217\'92t care less about the air, dead tissue doesn\u8217\'92t exactly need oxygen. What I needed was the power that infuses the very concept of Breath, with that energy I could revitalize this body so that it would appear alive again. I spent the next several hours circulating that Breath through my dead flesh, giving it the semblance of health and vitality while anchoring my consciousness within it. By the time I was finished, it would be extremely difficult to figure out that my body wasn\u8217\'92t actually alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strictly speaking I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually been alive since the Year of Five Emperors, that being when I finally managed to acquire my version of immortality by embracing the power of undeath. }}