{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus appeared alone in a large circular room some 15 meters in diameter with a high, domed roof. A mild sense of dread filled him. Feeling uncomfortably exposed, he raised the hood of his cloak to hide his face as other people began to pop into existence in the room. Most of them appeared to be plain old, vanilla humans, but he was thankful for his hood when he noticed that several of them regarded the smattering of non-human faces with suspicion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the non-human faces, however, that caught the majority of Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. There were a couple of elves, a dwarf, and a few of what he could only call beast-folk as they displayed an interesting mixture of human and animal features. Out of curiosity, he used his identify skill on one, a very pretty fox-girl in what looked like leather armor, with a rapier on one hip. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Cassie}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power: Tier: 1 - Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Kitsune (Tier 1)<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He froze on seeing the name. The identify skill should only put names on people who had introduced themselves to him, but\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Wait. Unless it was the flirty anime girl he met on the bus? But, no surely not. That Cassie hadn\u8217\'92t been quite so tall or svelte or\u8230\'85 uncomfortably curvaceous\u8230\'85 Had she? Fuck, he couldn\u8217\'92t be attracted to a furry girl who was probably younger than his daughter, could he? And now she was looking this way because he had been staring too hard. He felt the faint brush of mana as someone, presumably named Cassie, identified him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yep, it was definitely her because now she was walking over to him with a sly grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marcus!\u8221\'94 she greeted him excitedly and threw her arms around him in a tight hug. Then she whispered near his ear, so that only he could hear her, \u8220\'93Go with it, please, I\u8217\'92m trying to ditch a creeper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His spine stiffened at her words, his Neanderthal brain immediately insisting that he protect the young lady. Unfortunately, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d noticed during the hug that his spine wasn\u8217\'92t the only thing that had stiffened a bit. He could tell from the wicked twinkle in her eye when she pulled back a little, right before she pressed her pelvis more firmly against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cassie, love,\u8221\'94 he responded with a slightly sheepish smile he hoped no one could see, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad you\u8217\'92re here. I was afraid I might never see you again.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She quickly leaned in and kissed him, which was surprisingly warm and soft and deep and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 yeah, wow. It had been a very long time since he\u8217\'92d been kissed like that. As she pulled back after thoroughly checking out the inside of his mouth with her tongue, she murmured, \u8220\'93Mmmmm, good kisser too.\u8221\'94 Then she spoke up louder for everyone else to hear, \u8220\'93Damn, am I glad to see you. At least I have one person I can trust in this insanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They hugged again and Marcus noticed over Cassie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder an angry guy about Cassie\u8217\'92s age glaring daggers at him. \u8220\'93Ex?\u8221\'94 he whispered in her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wishes,\u8221\'94 she whispered back, \u8220\'93just a sleeze who saw a sexy fox-girl and thought I\u8217\'92d be an easy lay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m the over protective boyfriend?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, you\u8217\'92re the over protective daddy,\u8221\'94 she pulled back and winked looking him right in the eye and putting on a lascivious pout, \u8220\'93or don\u8217\'92t you want to be my daddy\u8230\'85 Daddy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus felt his face heating, proving that he still had a physical blush reaction, though he hoped it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show through his new scales. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Teasing me to the point that my brain shuts off is not gonna be super helpful for dealing with the slime ball\u8221\'94, he managed to quietly hiss through a fake, toothy smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who said I\u8217\'92m teasing?\u8221\'94 She grinned wickedly. \u8220\'93I already thought you were hot and sweet back on the bus. Now, though? This whole dragon thing you\u8217\'92ve got going on is beyond sexy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold that thought,\u8221\'94 he said before turning his gaze on the young man that was stomping toward him. Marcus reached up and pushed his hood back, fixing the sleaze with what he expected was an extremely unsettling reptilian gaze. He reached out casually, resting his hand on the small of Cassie\u8217\'92s back and gently pulling her close to him without ever looking away from the guy or blinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have a problem, Junior?\u8221\'94 He intentionally exaggerated the sibilance in his voice as he spoke, to play up the strangeness. Marcus arched one eye brow at the young idiot expectantly. \u8220\'93Thiss one iss mine. Go find your own.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted with anger and a touch of fear, but he stepped back. \u8220\'93Bunch of freaks,\u8221\'94 he finally spat, turning away and stomping off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie relaxed against Marcus slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she said with a sigh. \u8220\'93He gave me a really bad vibe, and I have a feeling he wasn\u8217\'92t in the mood for a no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no problem,\u8221\'94 Marcus still hadn\u8217\'92t shifted his gaze away from the boy, nor blinked. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind helping out. You seem like a good kid, in spite of flirting with a guy who\u8217\'92s old enough to be your actual Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She clutched her hand to her heart melodramatically and affected a Shakespearean air, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wound me good sir, for I am no teasing slattern.\u8221\'94 She pushed in closer, pressing her fluffy body into him. \u8220\'93I am but a fair maiden looking for a right fair prick.\u8221\'94 The twinkle of mischief in her eye mocked him. \u8220\'93And as for the rest, age is a number. Besides, it\u8217\'92s the end of the world as we know it. Surely that\u8230\'85 changes the rules a bit right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus was saved from having to answer that by the appearance of a System window.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tutorial capacity reached! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5000 of 5000 participants remaining!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to your Tutorial!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tutorial duration remaining 124:22:59:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the duration of this Tutorial, you may earn Integration Points by killing monsters and completing objectives! The group that has the most Integration Points (IP) per member will be declared victorious at the end of the Tutorial period. There will be three kinds of objectives with the Tutorial: Fixed objectives, Weekly objectives, and Hidden objectives. Fixed objectives are always available to complete, do not change and can be repeated. Rewards for Fixed objectives are based on the difficulty of the task you performed to complete them. Weekly objectives will change every 7 days and each one can only be completed once per week for points. All Weekly objectives reward the same amount of points, which vary from week to week. Hidden objectives will be revealed when you encounter them. They are by far the most rewarding objectives to achieve and tend to be the most difficult as well. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Additional rules:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Groups of more than 10 will be treated as multiple groups of 10 or less for scoring purposes. Such sub-groups will be based on IP contributions to ensure that those with the highest contribution are positioned to receive the best overall scores and rewards.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Groups may be changed, disbanded, or merged starting 24 hours after the first IP point is awarded in the Tutorial. When group compositions change, each member retains their full individual IP contributions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The death of a group remember will result in their share of earned IP being deducted from the groups total as if they had voluntarily left the group.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Killing someone within your group will award no IP and result in overall group IP being reduced by the dead member\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s contribution amount.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Killing someone outside of your group will award you 1/2 of the IP that are deducted from their group as a result of member death.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The more dangerous the opponent you face, the more IP that will awarded. If multiple groups engage an opponent IP will be divided between the groups based on the value of their contribution to the fight.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fixed objectives:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill alpha beasts within the tutorial area.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complete Dungeons within the tutorial area. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Find secrets within the tutorial area.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Acquire hidden treasures within the tutorial area.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have one hour to form groups after which all groups will be distributed to random locations throughout the Tutorial area and the Tutorial will commence with the reveal of the first set of Weekly objectives.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good Luck and try not to die!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}