{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As darkness crept over the forest, Marcus discovered just how well his racial darkvision worked, which was to say very well indeed. Apparently his eyes were very well adapted to gathering what light was available and focusing it in a way that made it easy for him to distinguish shapes and movements. Which was a very good thing when he heard the rustling of a large animal moving through the undergrowth, allowing him to quickly spot the approaching trouble. Trouble that was shaped like an even larger honey badger than the one he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d slain earlier. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Mature Forest Ratel (Tier 1) Level 9<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The animal was clearly following a scent trail, but Marcus wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what the trail had been made by until it found the juvenile badger he had killed earlier. It snuffled around the corpse and growled when it seemed to catch a second scent, leaving Marcus with a big problem. It was almost certainly his scent the beast had found, as it was heading directly toward the tree he was currently in. Given the aggressively territorial nature of honey badgers, and their renown for climbing trees, he was unlikely to escape a fight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luckily, he was in a much better position overall than he had been during the earlier fight. He had a good line of sight on the badger, which had not yet seen him. He focused and conjured a mana spike, blasting it down at the approaching creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. Unlike the previous encounter with the juvenile, the angle was all wrong for a quick killing blow and he didn\u8217\'92t overcharge the bolt. The spikes did not penetrate deeply, exploding on impact against the badger\u8217\'92s thick skull. He rained down a series of the exploding spikes, eliciting  squeals, growls and barks from the creature as it rushed to the tree and began climbing. [Sadly for the badger, covering that much ground under an assault from a Magus who held the higher ground was too much to ask.] It was perhaps 6 meters below Marcus when he landed a final bolt which pierced through the thinner flesh of the badgers vulnerable neck and exploded, severing the spine. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Mana Weapons (Class) (Tier 1) has evolved to Mana Weapons (Class) (Tier 2)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have slain Mature Forest Ratel (Tier 1) Level 9! Path experience awarded! Class experience awarded! Bonus experience awarded for killing an enemy of higher level than you! 2560 IP awarded!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: Seeker of Power (Tier 1) has reached level 3!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown) (Tier 1) has reached level 4! Free point awarded! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Magus (Tier 1) has reached level 3!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown) (Tier 1) has reached level 5! Free point awarded!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Magus (Tier 1) has reached level 4!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown) (Tier 1) has reached level 6! Free point awarded!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three more levels and some skill improvements, that was pretty good for as little risk as his tactics had exposed him to.  He pulled up his resource pools to see how his levels affected them.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Vitality:  334/334}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 1110/1650\tab \tab Mana Core Compression (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 245/245}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 199/199}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Free points remaining: 9/19<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown more mana at this foe than he\u8217\'92d even had for the first fight and still had a fair bit left in the tank if he needed it. Now if only he had more effective spells to use. His Explosive Mana Spikes were good when he could pierce the enemy and have them explode in the wound they left, but when they exploded on impact a good bit of the force was dispersed. Sadly, without a light source he could hardly study his theory primer and look for a method to improve them and he had no desire to attract the kind of attention a light might draw. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he recalled, ratels were mostly solitary and fiercely territorial by nature. Unless the System had changed that, he should be safe where he was for some time. Few predators willingly challenged honey badgers after all, and it would at least take some time for the local competition to work up the courage to test the badger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s territory.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus resumed his meditation position and spent several long minutes reviewing aspects of the Magical Theory that the System had forcibly loaded into his brain. As he understood it, if he could unlock his racial elemental affinity, he should be able to infuse that element into his bolts and barriers for additional effects. It was just a matter of identifying it and spending some time familiarizing himself with the feel of that sort of elemental mana. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he sank back into meditation, turning his focus inward and tried to submerge his senses into his Mana Core. It was a slow and deliberate process, but after some time, he managed it. He could feel the mana brushing along his projected consciousness, could feel the power in it and he focused on that feeling. His senses tingled with the power of the Mana, his nostrils filling with the acrid tang of corrosion and the slight burn of ozone. He studied his mana for a long time and was startled to discover two potent affinities within it. The stronger of the two was a powerful corrosive affinity, which suggested an acid spitting dragon of some sort. The nominally weaker affinity was a lightning affinity, only that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really make sense. He was supposed to have a single powerful elemental affinity from his race, wasn\u8217\'92t he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he studied the mana even more closely, spending a few hours manipulating it and seeing how it responded. Which was how he discovered it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t two separate affinities at all. It was a single affinity that combined aspects of the acid and lightning affinities to form some kind of caustic eldritch lightning, a lightning that burns, shocks and can even dissolve what it strikes. What the hell kind of dragon used that as a breath weapon? Apparently the kind his Dragonkin bloodline was descended from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He exited his meditation and checked his pending System notifications to see what he could learn.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Path experience awarded for discovering your racial elemental affinity!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: Seeker of Power has reached level 4!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race Dragonkin-Hybrid (Rare) (Corrosive Lightning) (Tier 1) has reached Level 7! Free point awarded..<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing as there still appeared to be some hours before sunrise, Marcus turned his attention to imbuing his Mana Spikes and Mana Barrier with his elemental affinity. A barrier that damaged those that struck it and spikes of corrosive lightning seemed like excellent additions to his arsenal. Especially if the affinity made it easier for the spikes to penetrate enemy defenses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a process of trial and error and wasted a lot of mana, but as the world began to lighten ever so slightly, Marcus found a technique that worked without losing the explosive aspect of his Mana Spikes. He could wrap the inner, explosive core in a thin shell of neutral mana and then wrap that shell with his corrosive lightning. The neutral mana kept the corrosive lightning from interacting with the explosive core so that the spike would hit its target, causing the corrosive lightning to attack its target and let the spike penetrate deeply. Then the neutral shell would shatter and the core would explode. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Similarly, he layered the outer face of his mana barrier with the corrosive lightning, with a small gap between it and the protective layer of the barrier that he filled with more of the extremely stable neutral mana. The corrosive lightning would damage anyone and anything that struck it, while the neutral mana would help stabilize the protective portion of the barrier and toughen it.  Which left him with a much more potent defense.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Explosive Mana Spikes (Class) (Tier 2) has evolved to Imbued Explosive Mana Spikes (Class) (Tier 2)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Barrier (Class) (Tier 2)  has evolved to Imbued Retributive Barrier (Class) (Tier 2)!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus spent another hour in meditation to refill his mana and stamina pools, before standing up and stretching. He decided that yesterday\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s overly cautious approach wasn\u8217\'92t what he needed. He needed to increase his efforts to explore and find the secrets and legacies hidden in the Tutorial as well as the Dungeons it had made reference to. He had four days to complete a Dungeon, kill 98 more beasts and earn 95,800 IP if he wanted to complete all the weekly objectives he was sure were doable. Finishing in the top 100 scores for the week was really out of his hands after all, it would either happen or it wouldn\u8217\'92t while he worked on more concrete goals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spread his senses out once more, sweeping the area for any Mana concentrations that might lead him to something interesting. The improvements in his Mana Control skill had a massive impact on his ability to sense Mana, stretching his senses out to more than a 100 meter radius around him. Marcus oriented himself back in the direction he had been traveling yesterday and began moving purposefully while searching for treasures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}