{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vampires have existed since the earliest days of humanity. Almost every culture has stories of blood drinking monsters who haunt the night because every culture attracted the presence of these creatures. Several instinctual fears that humans have, such as the uncanny valley and the fact that humans tend to sense when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re being watched, result from the predations of vampires. Certain types of vampire, there are many different types, are just alien enough from humanity that they make humans uncomfortable just by being around them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The different varieties of vampires are best categorized as sub-species or bloodlines. They all have certain traits in common, having powers and abilities that humanity considers supernatural (though many of those abilities vary widely from bloodline to bloodline), they are all hematophages, they all appear more or less human, and they all reproduce through infecting humanity with their blood (the specifics of the reproduction process also vary). The most common superhuman abilities of the vampire bloodlines are massively enhanced strength, speed, and healing along with effective physical immortality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the millenia the vampires, like the mortals they preyed on, have become more sophisticated and intelligent, largely because of their reproductive process. As the human brain has evolved, so has the brain of the vampire. While the process of becoming a vampire causes many extensive and fundamental changes in the human body, the baseline intelligence, strength and constitution of the original body still serve as the starting point for vampiric improvements. This means that the bloodlines are as much a function as the nature of the humans they feed on as their own supernatural existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the development and evolution of human civilization many cultures have worshiped powerful vampires as gods such as Hecate, Kali, Shesmu, Chernobog, Dionysus, and several Aztec deities plus numerous minor local deities. The odds are extremely good that any deity that consumes blood as part of their mythology were, in fact, vampires masquerading as a god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The true origins of Vampirism begin long before the planet Earth coalesced, in the moment when our universe exploded into being. In that moment, as vast quantities of magic spewed into our universe from dying reality that preceded it, the spirits were born. These spirits spread through our expanding universe, setting into motion the action of creation that would result in the formation of planets, stars, solar systems and galaxies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}