{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining: 0:02:29<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus opened his eyes, pulled back to awareness by his Guide, exactly as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d requested. Being conscious was the key to enduring the evaluation after all, especially with how dense the mana would get in the later stages of each cycle. He resumed his meditative position and focused once more on his breath control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first few cycles had been the worst as his body struggled with the foreign mana being flooded into him. The entire duration of that first cycle had been akin to sitting inside a blast furnace with temperature steadily increasing. From the very first moment, it had felt like the air around him had been set aflame. Every breath had felt like it scorched him inside and out. It was pure torture. And just when he was certain he would die if it got any more intense, it suddenly slackened and he could tolerate it once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During the first break, the Guide had begun teaching him. Teaching him to perceive the mana in the air as more than just scouring pain. To explore it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nature to identify its elemental affinities. Just as he had begun to grasp these lessons, the break period ended and the intensity began to climb again. That second cycle had been even more hellish, lasting for what felt like an eternity of torment packed into just half an hour. But he\u8217\'92d endured, and more than that he\u8217\'92d put the Guide\u8217\'92s lessons to work and discovered yet another facet of the system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Mana Sense (Tier 1) Level 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The message had surprised him so much that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost lost his concentration. Thankfully he\u8217\'92d pulled himself back and regained his focus only to be surprised again a few moments later when another message appeared.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Mana Sense (Tier 1) has improved to Level 2!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so it had continued with skill steadily improving every few minutes as the intensity continued to ramp up, far beyond what it had reached during the previous cycle. Until, again, just as he reached the point where he was sure he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t handle anymore, the cycle had ended and the mana density instantly dropped back to its resting level with a final System message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Mana Sense (Tier 1) has improved to Level 10!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rest period duration remaining 0:14:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [Immediately the Guide began expanding on the previous lesson, teaching him to feel the mana within his own body as well. To sense the differences between his own natural mana and the external mana, and to understand what those differences meant.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He was just beginning to really feel the mana inside himself, to feel it flowing throughout his body, when the next cycle began. And again, as the mana density began climbing past it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s previous peak, he was greeted with a new System message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Mana Sense (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Mana Sense (Tier 2) Level 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so the process had continued, with his ability to sense mana growing stronger and his understanding of the mana deepening. He learned that his internal mana was purer than the external mana, having been stripped of its elemental affinities and impurities. It was that difference in the nature of the mana around him and within him that caused him pain with each breath. Each time he inhaled he pulled that harsher external mana into himself, drawing it along his pathways to clash with the mana in his core. Some of it was absorbed and purified in his core. He then exhaled the portion that had not been purified and repeated the process. Throughout the period his Comprehensive Mana Sense had climbed through the levels just like his Basic Mana Sense had until the evaluation period ended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Mana Sense (Tier 2) has improved to Level 10!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Break period duration remaining 0:29:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third break was longer, and the Guide used it to begin teaching him how to visualize and manipulate the mana he was inhaling, speeding up the purification process and reducing the discomfort. Before the break period even ended, he managed to acquire a new System skill. And so the process had continued, with Marcus being tutored by the Guide on breaks, learning and improving skills related to the mana around and within him until had acquired a handful of such abilities, each building on the last until finally he got the mother of all all skill notices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You have reached Tier 3 in all foundational Mana skills! Your foundational Mana skills have merged into Apprentice Mana Control (Tier 4) Level 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That had been achieved just as the last evaluation finished. For the first time since this ordeal began, the Guide had nothing to teach him during the break period, allowing him to actually rest for most of 75 minutes. He had completely lost track of how long he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at this, and was riding the edge of physical and mental exhaustion. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [However, the time spent was beyond worthwhile.] [NUMBERS GO UP DOPAMINE]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He had achieved a breakthrough when he acquired the Mana Control skill, having managed to compress his Mana core so tightly that it had collapsed, vastly increasing the density of his internal Mana and more than doubling the amount of mana he could comfortably contain within it. A feat that earned him a set of even more impressive System messages.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You Mana Core compression has increased from Tier 0 to Tier 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana drawn from your core has increased in potency.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana pool has increased by an additional 100% over it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Tier 0 value.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You accomplished the first compression of your Mana Core before choosing a path!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mana Control Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are the first sapient in your Universe to be recognized as a Prodigy!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Universal Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are the first sapient in your Universe to acquire a title!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Universal Front Runner\u8217\'92. Title increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While he had no idea what his stats were, or which would be considered \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91primary\u8217\'92, he had to believe that boosting them all by 10 or 15% had to be a good thing. He knew from direct experience that the 20% boost to the effect of his Mana Control had made purifying and circulating his new, dense mana far easier. So much so, in fact, that he wanted to try to achieve a second compression, in hopes of gaining another title related to his Mana Control. Whether he succeeded or not, even the attempt would push his Mana Control skill to improve after all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning Final Evaluation Cycle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 WARNING: Tier 4 skill detected! Evaluation difficulty increased to compensate.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Current Cycle Duration remaining 3:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}