{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We a need a plan,\u8221\'94 Marcus cut in, dropping his hands from his face. \u8220\'93At least a general one, since we won\u8217\'92t really know what we\u8217\'92re in for until the main event starts. It would be good to all be on the same page in case we\u8217\'92re immediately dropped into a fight or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girls and Roberto immediately grew serious and turned to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea,\u8221\'94 Freya nodded. \u8220\'93Seeing as we\u8217\'92ve put together a fairly standard 5 man group, I\u8217\'92m assuming some or all of us were gamers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone nodded in response. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, that makes this a bit easier. If a fight breaks out, I\u8217\'92ve got an ability that should draw aggro to me. I\u8217\'92ll defend myself the best I can and keep them from going after the rest of you as much as I can. Roberto, you focus on keeping me alive and heal anybody else who gets hit as you can. Cassie, India, and Marcus give me a ten-count before you start burning them down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we get a single opponent that should be fine. If things get more\u8230\'85 complicated then Cassie play defense. Try to keep one busy but focus on not getting yourself hurt, just keep it off Roberto. India, you\u8217\'92re a\u8230\'85 Sniper?\u8221\'94 There was the barest hesitation before he said the word sniper. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see a weapon though?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she said with a wicked smirk. Then she reached over her shoulder, and as her hand touched it, what looked like a long barreled Flintlock rifle appeared suddenly, slung across her back. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s one of my abilities. Weapons I carry but am not actively using go out of phase with reality and become invisible until I touch them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roberto gawked at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn hermana, that is pretty bad ass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m assuming you\u8217\'92ve got some stealth or camoflage abilities too then?\u8221\'94 Marcus followed up hopefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely,\u8221\'94 she replied still smirking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then when a fight breaks out, or beforehand if we get a chance to prepare, I want you hidden and ready. I expect you\u8217\'92ll be our best alpha striker, most range and highest damage. So take your time and take that perfect shot for maximum effect.\u8221\'94 He grinned, \u8220\'93One shot, one kill would be ideal but if not, make it count anyway. And stay out of sight. What they can\u8217\'92t find they can\u8217\'92t hit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, her face turning serious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never done any real life shooting, so an opportunity to take a few before we end up in a real fight wouldn\u8217\'92t be a bad thing. I mean, the skills I got for using guns mean I know how, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she trailed off with a shrug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hopefully we\u8217\'92ll be able to give you that chance,\u8221\'94 Marcus agreed. \u8220\'93I mean we all had a bunch of new things shoved into our heads and hopefully that included the muscle memory to go with all these new abilities but it would be good to actually practice a little with them before our lives are on the line.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should be good,\u8221\'94 Cassie interjected. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been doing fencing and swordplay with a local HEMA club and I was probably one of the three or four best swordsmen in Vegas with a light blade before the System jammed even more knowledge and skill into my head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HEMA?\u8221\'94 Roberto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Historical European Martial Arts,\u8221\'94 Cassie and Freya said in unison before smiling widely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought I recognized your name,\u8221\'94 Freya told Cassie with a grin. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in one of the other HEMA clubs, but I focused on axe and shield, so lucky me for becoming a dwarf.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus frowned a bit in thought before Roberto spoke again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93India and I just did a lot of tabletop and online RPG\u8217\'92s, so no real-world skills for us I\u8217\'92m afraid.\u8221\'94 He glanced at Marcus. \u8220\'93How about you dragon-man? You got real-world skill or just a gamer like us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Both,\u8221\'94 Marcus replied absently. \u8220\'93Ex-military, spent a couple years in the SCA and I\u8217\'92ve probably been a gamer longer than any of you have been alive\u8230\'85 Do you think that\u8217\'92s what caused us to evolve different races? I mean, the same thing in us that drew us to RPG\u8217\'92s and historical stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India nodded thoughtfully, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe? I mean, the System said it \u8216\'91activated dormant traits in my pattern,\u8217\'92 whatever that means. But maybe those traits weren\u8217\'92t completely dormant before and drew us all to various kinds of fantasy games and similar things? A longing for a world where those traits would be active?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a bad theory,\u8221\'94 Freya agreed. \u8220\'93But the sample set\u8217\'92s way too small to know for sure, even if we asked every non-human here. We all ended up in this kind of tutorial for choices we made, which means we\u8217\'92re not a proper representative sample.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does it really matter either way?\u8221\'94 Cassie offered. \u8220\'93I mean I get the urge to try and understand the how and why of this weird-ass new world we\u8217\'92ve been dropped in, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She shrugged. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t change the immediate situation at any rate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re right,\u8221\'94 Marcus shook his head like he was dislodging the thought. \u8220\'93We need to focus on the situation at hand. So, if we don\u8217\'92t immediately wind up ass-deep in alligators, I think our first priority needs to be to focus on survival. Shelter, food, and water, someplace safe to rest before nightfall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once we have some kind of safe camp, we can start hunting points. Water is going to be the big thing, we can miss a couple meals without any real harm, but dehydration isn\u8217\'92t something to fuck with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone nodded and Cassie spoke up, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like we have a good plan, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was about to continue when Marcus stiffened up, distracting her and causing her to trail off. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it,\u8221\'94 she suddenly whispered, seeing Marcus\u8217\'92s eyes fixed on something behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incoming, group of six or so tough guys coming our way,\u8221\'94 he replied sotto voce. \u8220\'93Looks like trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their group turned to face the approaching band of men. They walked with the kind of swagger common to guys who were used to bullying people and getting their way. The kind who not only didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind to bust a few heads to make a point, but actually actively enjoyed it. They were all big, barrel-chested sorts and looked like a stereotypical gang of bikers or street thugs gone medieval with chain armor and various weapons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The one Marcus presumed to be the leader was the biggest of the six, towered over them at maybe 2 full meters tall and looked like he belonged in a professional wrestling ring. Unlike the others, he wore rugged hide bracers and spaulders, but his upper body was mostly bare and heavily muscled. He had a massive, two-handed great axe gripped casually just beneath the head in one plate sized hand. Marcus definitely didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the malicious glint in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they were maybe two or three paces away, the thugs stopped and spread out in loose line, the leader in the center of the line and maybe half-a-pace closer. Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s group had responded to their approach by forming up with him in the center, flanked by Freya and Cassie who stood maybe a half-step to the side and behind him on the left and right respectively. He could practically feel Roberto and India a couple steps further behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leader eyed Marcus off, with a disdainful smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You three ladies will be joining us,\u8221\'94 he said flatly. \u8220\'93You two losers can fuck off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like hell we will,\u8221\'94 Freya spat before Marcus could speak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve already formed a group,\u8221\'94 Marcus cut in before Freya could continue. \u8220\'93I think you should go hassle someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t recall asking your opinion, freaks,\u8221\'94 the man replied, his smirk widening. He moved his arm sharply, his great axe jabbing out toward Marcus as he shifted his grip toward the end of the haft.  \u8220\'93You can do as I say, or we\u8217\'92ll throw you a beating and then you\u8217\'92ll do as I say, but you\u8217\'92ll be keeping your mouths shut and obeying either way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch at the move, but narrowed his eyes slightly. He activated his mana barrier to form an invisible wall between them just a few inches ahead of where Marcus and his team stood. He sensed more than felt India move carefully behind him. Hopefully readying her weapon where they couldn\u8217\'92t easily see her. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94 Marcus answered flatly. \u8220\'93Walk away, boy, before you fuck around and find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, beat down it is,\u8221\'94 the man said with a grin before he moved forward explosively, leading with his axe. The weapon hit the barrier and stopped like it had struck a wall, causing it flash blue at the impact point. The abrupt interruption of his movement caused the man to stumble and drop to one knee, almost losing his grip on the axe. \u8220\'93What the fuck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus winced slightly at the sudden drain on his mana as the barrier pulled from his mana pool to stop his atta"cker. Behind him, he felt India dive to one side, rolling up into and a kneeling firing position and leveling her rifle at the man. She fired without hesitation, as if it was as natural and instinctive a move as it looked. Rather than the thunderous sound of a flintlock discharge there was a only a loud crack and an intense discharge of mana as a projectile ripped through the air. It went through the mana barrier without being affected by it in the least. Marcus watched in fascination as the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye ruptured and the center of the back of his head exploded outward in a spray of gore. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You have killed Berserker (Uncommon) Level 1! Experience awarded! 100 IP awarded for the kill. Barbarian had 0 IP, no bonus IP awarded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Group composition changes can begin in 23:59:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Tutorial participants remaining 4999/5000<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The message, which Marcus assumed his entire group had received, settled the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fate quite decisively, prompting Marcus to speak before anyone else could react. \u8220\'93Last chance,\u8221\'94 his voice was colder than arctic winter, without remorse or hesitation.  \u8220\'93Walk away and live, or join your comrade. Your choice.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone stood frozen for a long moment, completely motionless, barely daring to breathe. Marcus was sure the entire room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention was focused on them now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 one of the other men raised his hands placatingly and stepped back, the others following suit within a moment or two. \u8220\'93You win this one, freak. But don\u8217\'92t imagine this is over, cause it ain\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As for the rest of you,\u8221\'94 Marcus raised his voice like a drill instructor on the practice field so it carried through the whole room. \u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the world we\u8217\'92re used to anymore. The rules have changed. If you don\u8217\'92t start shit with us, there won\u8217\'92t be shit, but if you start shit, we will finish it. Permanently. Understand?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He calmly moved his gaze over the motley assemblage, seeing looks of disgust and horror at what they had done mixed with nods of approval and understanding. For many, the dog eat dog nature of their new lives were just starting to sink in. As soon as Marcus was certain that their was no misguided attempt at retribution or at rallying the crowd to punish them for daring kill a human being, he turned his gaze to India. She was frozen in her firing position, her weapon fixed on the thug who had spoken as he backed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dropping his voice low enough to avoid being overheard by anyone outside the group, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Freya, Cassie, stay near the barrier and keep your eyes open. Roberto, hang tight and back them if needed. I\u8217\'92m going to take India aside and lend her a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On it, compa,\u8221\'94 he said taking a step closer to the girls as Marcus moved toward India. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet moved or lowered her weapon. Marcus threw a quick glance over his shoulder and saw Cassie had her hand on the hilt of her rapier, ready to draw and Freya had their shield on one arm, axe hefted for a fight in the other.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He approached India calmly, before crouching beside her and looking at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay,\u8221\'94 he whispered. \u8220\'93You did great. That guy was planning to make you, Cassie and Freya little more than slaves. You stopped him and made sure he wasn\u8217\'92t going to be able to ever try something like that again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She swallowed, hard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t even think,\u8221\'94 she whispered back. \u8220\'93The reflexes were there, waiting. He made an aggressive move and I just reacted. And now he\u8217\'92s dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you aren\u8217\'92t. And our team isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 Marcus added. \u8220\'93If we had to fight them hand to hand? They could have gotten lucky and killed some of us. They definitely would have managed to hurt some of us and some more of them would have ended up dead before it was done. You achieved the best outcome with the least pain and misery by putting the leader down like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never even been in a real fight before,\u8221\'94 she whispered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never fired a weapon, let alone with intent. And my first time is to kill a man\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing humans is never a simple thing, but it can be frighteningly easy. And as much as I wish I could say otherwise, I doubt this will be the last time you have to make that choice.\u8221\'94 He kept his voice calm and even. There was no judgment in it, only compassion. \u8220\'93I remember my first time having to kill like that. I was in Somalia, attached to a Special Forces A-team, most junior weapons sergeant on the team. Like you, I was a sniper.\u8221\'94 He shook his head slightly, \u8220\'93We were there to eliminate an arms dealer who selling to one of the Somali Warlords during their civil war. The hope was if we could cut down on the incoming support, we could de-escalate the conflict. I got the shot, team leader made the call and I put a bullet through a man\u8217\'92s head from 850 meters away. He never knew I was there or what killed him. I still see the look on his face when the bullet hit when I close my eyes sometimes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does it get easier?\u8221\'94 she asked quietly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sadly, yes, it does,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93Or at least it did for me. After the first few, I stopped questioning it and just did what needed doing. The nightmares got fewer and farther between. They never completely went away though and sometimes I still wonder if I just don\u8217\'92t value human life the way others do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, finally lowering the weapon as the thugs turned their backs and picked up the pace of their retreat. Marcus stood slowly beside her, leaning on his staff to make it easier before he offered India his hand. She glanced at it for a moment before she took it, letting him help her to feet smoothly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you start doubting, or worrying about whether or not you did the right thing,\u8221\'94 Marcus still kept his voice low, for her ears only, \u8220\'93then just remember, some monsters need to be removed to protect those who can\u8217\'92t protect themselves. This guy was one of those monsters and he wouldn\u8217\'92t have lost sleep over killing any of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded again. Looking Marcus in the eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know which is worse knowing that I pulled the trigger and ended him, or the fact that I\u8217\'92m not feeling as bad about it as I think I should be\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a whole new, lawless, world,\u8221\'94 he replied, voice just loud enough for the whole team to hear him. \u8220\'93The only people we can count on to protect us, are us. Our team against whatever, or whoever, comes to hurt us. So I\u8217\'92m thankful that I have you on our team, India. I\u8217\'92m thankful for all four of you, and I trust you all to make the right decisions. And, yes, sometimes, that\u8217\'92s going to mean using lethal force against other humans or humanoids.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t fucking wrong about that, compra,\u8221\'94 Roberto added his thoughts. \u8220\'93This culero thought he was going to be the king of hill and was ready to start walking over us to get there. You did good, hermana. Real good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are one bad ass bitch,\u8221\'94 Freya agreed, shooting India a wink. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you\u8217\'92re on our side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India seemed to relax more seeing the lack of condemnation from her new friends. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she said with an only slightly forced smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely glad I talked to you,\u8221\'94 Cassie agreed. \u8220\'93That was\u8230\'85 just wow. Remind me to never, ever piss you off,\u8221\'94 she shot India a teasing smile. \u8220\'93You wanna drop this barrier, daddy? I want to grab that axe for Freya before someone else gets brave and comes for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus rolled his eyes exaggeratedly and dismissed the barrier with a wave of his hand, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a bad idea. A spare, heavy weapon for our warrior could be helpful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The team relaxed as Cassie stepped forward and picked it up, wiping the handle on the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pants since it was spattered with blood. Then she turned to Freya and handed her the weapon, who took a good look at it, before curling her lip in distaste and tossing it back on the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No thanks,\u8221\'94 she said with a slight shudder. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed, or at least, I think it\u8217\'92s a curse. Using it makes it harder to control your temper and makes you stronger when you let you temper control you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must be a berserker thing?\u8221\'94 Roberto offered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably,\u8221\'94 Marcus agreed.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Group changes frozen for 23: 43: 34}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Randomizing group arrival points\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Distributing groups\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good Luck!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}