{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Any application of mana is a form of magic as mana is what fuels magic.\u8221\'94 The Guide pursed her lips and then explained. \u8220\'93Spells are one form of magic. Skills can also be magic in nature, expending mana to perform an action that might otherwise be impossible, though these are generally referred to as abilities rather than skills. Rituals and formations are also methods of performing magic and using ambient magic and external foci to accomplish something more complex than what you can do with spells or abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So can you learn spells, rituals and formations without needing a skill or ability from the system? Or is magic strictly learned through the System?\u8221\'94 Marcus mentally crossed his fingers that his brain was on the right track.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the system teach you a spell or ability to compress your Mana Core?\u8221\'94 she asked pointedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No it did not.\u8221\'94 He couldn\u8217\'92t quite keep the smile off his face. \u8220\'93I figured that out all by lonesome.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why would the System be the only way you could learn magic?\u8221\'94 She arched her eyebrow at him. \u8220\'93You learned to sense and control mana from what you were taught, not from the System just granting you a skill. You gained the skill from advancing your ability with the basic techniques.\u8221\'94][THE ROBOT IS SARCASTIC??]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So all I need to learn to magic is to learn techniques for applying mana?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or to create a technique to apply mana and accomplish an action with it,\u8221\'94 she countered. \u8220\'93New magic abilities and spells are created everyday, throughout the Multiverse. The only thing holding you back is time, effort and understanding of fundamental concepts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, so all I have to do is figure out how to make mana do something I want it do and then do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why acquiring Mana Control was such a big deal! Because it doesn\u8217\'92t just make using magic easier, it makes creating new magic easier!\u8221\'94 He exclaimed as realization dawned. If that was true, then his titles were even more valuable than he thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Holy crap. His status as a Mana Control Prodigy positioned him to become very, very good at magic. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, how can I gain an understanding of fundamental concepts then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To gain an understand of the fundamental concepts of magic? Study how mana interacts with the world around it and experiment with altering those interactions. Or choose a path that gives you a basic knowledge of those concepts.\u8221\'94 The Guide smiled as they laid out his options. \u8220\'93As to understanding how magic interacts with the fundamental concepts of reality? That is only learned through observation, experimentation and enlightenment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus considered for a few long silent minutes, digesting what she said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fundamental concepts of reality? What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In your culture some things, like gravity, sound, light, and distance, were considered physical laws, phenomena, or constants. They were largely immutable. The always behaved in predictable ways and you were able to theorize why and produce consistent experimental results under controlled circumstances.\u8221\'94 The Guide asked. ][You are familiar with these concepts, correct?]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the most part, yes,\u8221\'94 he answered after some careful consideration. \u8220\'93I mean when you got into the realm of very, very small objects a lot of our scientific conjecture and assumptions went out the window, but that just required further study to understand what was different and why. And I think some other fields may have had similar issues where they found circumstances that invalidated all previous assumptions and theories in certain cases.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Magically speaking, Gravity is a concept. An idea. Not a natural law, not an immutable fact. It applies most of the time, but if you understand the concept of Gravity, you can use mana to alter how it works. To change the rules. The same applies to most such things. If you understand Light, you can use mana to change the way it works, or Sound, or almost anything else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus swallowed hard as he processed that. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So if I understand a\u8230\'85 what did you call them? Concepts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I understand a concept well enough, I can use mana to alter that concept? Permanently?\u8221\'94 That was a terrifying thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, though the mana expenditure to permanently alter a fundamental concept even in a small, fairly localized space would be enormous. To do it on a larger scale would increase that expenditure exponentially.\u8221\'94 She considered. \u8220\'93Few mortals would be able to accomplish such a thing. Even most deific powers would be able to do that on only a limited scale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, there are apparently deific powers in the Multiverse, file that away for later consideration\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Otherwise, magic seemed extremely powerful, if one delved into the proper concepts and understood them. Normally, in games, Marcus tended to steer away from using magic. It almost always seemed to be to too limited, especially early on, with restrictions on what you could do with it. This though\u8230\'85 this was entirely different. This was the kind of power where the right knowledge could be literally earthshaking. And better yet, he was good at one of the most basic aspects of it. But did that mean\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One more question before I move on to something else,\u8221\'94 he spoke a little more slowly than he usually did as he continued. \u8220\'93Am I right in understanding I don\u8217\'92t need a specific, related path to do anything I want with magic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. While related paths will likely provide System-assisted skills and abilities and even System-provided knowledge to make the use of magic faster and easier, it is in no way required to use mana.\u8221\'94 The Guide considered for a moment before adding, \u8220\'93That does not mean that everyone has the required skills or talent to use magic, however. While the Introduction will attempt to teach everyone basic techniques for sensing mana, it only teaches the more advanced techniques to those who can fully grasp the basics. For those who cannot, the Guides instead teach a different set of techniques to help inure them to mana exposure and how to breathe without drawing in mana in the process.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So the Introductions were indeed adjusted based on the individual. He had assumed as much after the System cranked up the difficulty on his last evaluation cycle, but it was good to see it confirmed. The fact that what was taught changed as well was also good to know. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find himself being forced to learn something he was truly inept at. Probably. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a thought, he brought up the System notifications window to see how much time he had left before the next evaluation would begin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Second Evaluation in 02:26:43<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The timer brought a smile to his face, his conversation so far hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been as long as he thought. That gave him time to experiment a little. As he moved to sit down, he was immediately reminded of something he had almost forgotten. He was still stark naked. \u8220\'93Uh, I don\u8217\'92t suppose you could provide me with clothes by any chance? While I had kinda gotten distracted by everything else, I don\u8217\'92t normally run around in the nude\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus could swear the Guide smirked at him as she waved her hand the way she had when conjuring his bedroll. A small bundle of what looked surprisingly like tan linen cloth appeared at his feet. Bending to examine it closer, it turned out to be a pair of linen drawstring pants, a loose, half-sleeved linen tunic, a pair of boxers made of what looked and felt like raw silk, and a pair of thin sandals that looked like they were made of leather.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He quickly started dressing himself, only for a thought to occur to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could have done that at any time, couldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was that little smirk again, he was sure of it this time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you just let me stay naked?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t ask for clothes sooner,\u8221\'94 she replied deadpan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He closed his eyes and winced inwardly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92ve been naked this whole time because I was too dumb to ask for clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grumbling to himself, Marcus finished dressing and sat cross-legged on the floor. The clothes were surprisingly comfortable and did little to impede movement. He spent another few long minutes considering everything he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen and learned so far. The System wasn\u8217\'92t overtly antagonistic but it didn\u8217\'92t appear to go out of its way to be helpful either. It answered relevant questions when asked, but didn\u8217\'92t start those conversations or suggest topics directly. It would provide things like bedding and clothes, but only in response to specific input from him\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are there any other techniques you can teach me before the next evaluation?\u8221\'94 It was certainly worth a shot at any rate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide paused again and this time he was almost positive she was querying the System. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you performed exceptionally in the first evaluation and have requested it, I can reward you by teaching you a meditation technique.\u8221\'94}}