{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The crowd of protesters moved with an almost stately pace down the packed city streets, but the tension continued to ratchet upwards. The sidewalks and storefronts were jammed with crowds who were being eyeballed by the city and state police that were lining the streets in full-on riot gear. Somewhere up ahead I could hear the loud and raucous shouting and chanting of the counter-protesters. They were spewing bigotry and white supremacist agitprop, calling for the arrest and deportation of anyone who dared question the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lawful\u8217\'92 authorities. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tension had my PTSD driven hyper-vigilance cranked up to an eleven, but I was managing to keep it contained so far. I kept sweeping the crowd with my eyes, watching for the spark that might set off the powder keg around us. My ears were almost useless amidst the noise of the crowd, but I did what I could to tune it out, listening for the sounds that shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Midi and I were near the front of the crowd but out toward one edge, away from the center. It was another of her concessions to my paranoia that we were positioned such that we could get out of the crush of the crowd if things did go sideways. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d take my odds of breaking past a police barricade over my odds of surviving a stampede on the off chance someone started shooting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Courtesy of our positioning, we were among the first to catch sight of the approaching counter protest, and it made my stomach drop to somewhere around my ankles. Military and paramilitary gear was abundantly present in the approaching group, along with uniformed police. These cops weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in riot gear and the variation in uniforms made it pretty clear that most were out-of-towners who felt that marching in support of their \u8216\'91brothers in blue\u8217\'92 was somehow appropriate. While the uniformed cops had sidearms and more than a few were carrying police batons, all of that was overshadowed by the dozens of civillians open-carrying assault rifles while sporting militia colors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a counter protest. It was an armed mob. And it was coming straight down the road at us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The adrenaline hammered my heart. I very casually moved my right hand near the pistol I had concealed earlier. This was about to turn into a stand off, and I had no doubt it was going to get ugly fast. I used my other hand to grab Midi and pull her close, close enough that I could put my mouth near her ear to be sure she heard me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is gonna turn violent. Fast. Grab anyone you can and bail. Fall back to my truck, the spare key is hidden in the usual spot. Get out of the downtown area before this turns into a full-blown riot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gone pale before I ever started talking, but her spine stiffened at my words. \u8220\'93If I\u8217\'92m running what are you going to do?\u8221\'94 The words were hard, almost accusatory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swore an oath to protect this nation before you were even born Midi, I\u8217\'92m going to do my duty and protect whoever I can,\u8221\'94 I answered, my own words sharper than I intended. \u8220\'93Now run!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shot me an angry look but did what I told her to, grabbing the handful of her friends that were nearest us and corralling them away from the crowd and out of harm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way before things could turn violent. I turned back to the brewing confrontation and tried to assess what I could do to buy time for them and anyone else with the good sense to see where this was going and bail out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The counter-protest mob had spread out to completely block the street. They clearly weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to let us finish our march to the capitol building where the press conference was scheduled. The shouts were getting louder, accusations hurled by both sides, with the obviously armed mob demanding that we disperse and go crawl back under our rocks. And the actual riot cops lining the sides of the streets did nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I just happened to be looking in the right direction when all hell finally broke loose. Someone in the thick of the counter protesters hurled a tear gas grenade at our group and chaos erupted. The armed thugs leading the counter protest immediately raised their weapons to firing positions and someone panicked, pulling that first, fateful trigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within a few heartbeats the street turned into a war zone and I was back in Mogadishu. The air thickened fast with the acrid smell of discharged firearms and human waste. I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember drawing my pistol, but it was suddenly in my hands. I didn\u8217\'92t return fire though. It wasn\u8217\'92t time to fight back, it was time to protect those who couldn\u8217\'92t fight back. A quick glance around showed that there were a lot of college kids around me. Some were ducking and covering like pros, others had pissed themselves or worse as bullets whipped past them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Down!\u8221\'94 I shouted at them, \u8220\'93Get low and run!\u8221\'94 I suited words to action, demonstrating how to hunch over and move away from the incoming fire. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t just stand there unless you want to die!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved and we started to retreat just in time to find our way obstructed by the riot cops moving in on us behind their shields and swinging batons. At us. I heard the deeper barks of riot shotguns firing bean bags or baton rounds into the panicking, fleeing crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were they actively trying to turn this into a massacre? The idiots with assault rifles were still firing wildly into the crowd, tear gas grenades were popping off all over, and the city police force was impeding our ability to flee for our lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just ahead of me I could see a white riot cop swinging his baton down with all his might at the unprotected head of one of the protesters, a dark skinned boy who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stumbled over something on the street and was entirely off balance and falling already. There was no conscious thought in what I did next. Some responses are just too deeply ingrained and too automatic, even decades after the last time you needed them. My pistol came up, I dropped to one knee, aimed and squeezed the trigger. The six gram slug hit the officer at 1200 feet per second from a distance of less than a dozen feet. The unexpected impact against his vest staggered the officer, unbalancing him and sending him sprawling with the momentum of his own baton swing. It saved the kid from having his head smashed open like an over-ripe melon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I moved, shoving myself back to my feet and grabbing the kid before another of the cops could react. I yanked him back onto his feet and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep moving!\u8221\'94 As soon as he was balanced and moving on his own, I pivoted back toward the cops and away from the crowd. I had shot one of them, and I seriously doubted that was going to go over well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wrong. Even as I dropped toward a kneeling firing stance for a second time, I saw muzzle flare from no less than a half dozen standard issue sidearms. Given the typical accuracy of police gun fire, I wasn\u8217\'92t in immediate danger, and thankfully my cut to one side meant that there weren\u8217\'92t a lot of other people in the line of fire. Hopefully, I wasn\u8217\'92t about to get anyone killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I let my training take over again, four more trigger squeezes in quick succession and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shot four more officers squarely in their vests, hopefully straight into their trauma plates, since that\u8217\'92s what I was aiming for. If real life were like an action movie, I\u8217\'92d have sent all four crashing backwards to the ground. Unfortunately, three officers were braced in better shooting stances and didn\u8217\'92t go sprawling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, getting shot, even through a vest, hurts like a motherfucker. It bought me some time to move before they fired at me again. I squeezed off two more rounds into the pavement at their feet, hoping that the chips of concrete and deflected slugs tearing across legs and lower bodies would buy me some additional distraction time. Then I whirled straight into the line of riot shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By this point the advancing officers had screwed up and spread their line as they failed to advance in unison. More proof that things were spiraling more chaotically then anybody expected. I slanted my path toward a gap in the line. The trailing officer saw what I was doing and tried to move to block my path, so I pulled my pistol in tight to my body and fired off a rapid group of shots into one side of his riot shield, jerking him slightly that direction with the impact. It gave me just enough room to dart through and behind the police line. Then I was running hell-bent for leather for a side street, knowing that at least some of the boys in blue would be coming after me. Which meant that many fewer busting heads on people who wanted nothing more than to peacefully protest obvious injustice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first sign of my luck turning bad came when something hit me, hard, in the back of my shoulder. I screamed as the round punched through the kevlar of my vest, shattered my shoulder blade and kept going. The impact and the pain sent me sprawling forward, ass over tea kettle. That could only have been one thing. A sniper round. The police had god damned snipers positioned around the protest route! My left shoulder was wrecked, I was bleeding and the pain was enough to make me want to lay there and die. Instead I struggled to my feet bracing myself up with my right hand, which was still holding tight to my pistol. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was having trouble breathing. Had the round put a hole in my lung? I staggered and turned to see half a dozen cops with guns ordering me to drop my weapon and get on the ground. I blinked slowly, trying to keep my balance and clear the pain from my head. That shot was going to leave me crippled, a fact I knew all too well. And after having shot several police officers, that was assuming I lived long enough to get treatment, which was doubtful in the midst of what had become a riot. Fuck it. Fifty years was longer than I thought I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d live when I was in my twenties. If killing me kept some of these fuckers from hurting anyone else, I\u8217\'92d take that as a win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I raised my pistol and fired, no longer aiming for vests or riot shields. At least one of these fascist fucks was going to join me in death. Depend on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I never even heard the shot that killed me. One moment my life was crimson pain and noise and defiant anger. The next it was cold darkness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}