{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! For being the first sentient to complete the Secrets of the Past Dungeon you have earned an achievement!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned Achievement: Dungeon Explorer - Level 1! Achievement grants +1 to all stats per achievement level!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned Profession experience for this achievement!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: Arcanist of Lost Mysteries (Legendary)(Tier 1) has reached Level 2!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Rare) (Corrosive Lightning)(Tier 1) has reached Level 8! Free point awarded!<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus found himself transported back to where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d entered the Dungeon, only instead of the intricately carved stone doors that had been here when he entered, there was nothing there but unadorned wall. It was as if the Dungeon had never existed at all. Should anyone else stumble upon this strange cave, it would likely seem as though it had probably contained treasure box that someone else had already claimed. With a quick thought he pulled up the Tutorial status window.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tutorial Duration remaining: 123:02:23:46}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tutorial Participants remaining: 4734}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 of 5000}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weekly Objectives for the Week 1 (03:02:23:03) remaining to complete)}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill 100 beasts (24/100 complete)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Survive first 48 hours of the Tutorial (02:23:03 remaining for completion)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earn 100,000 tutorial points (38520/100,000 earned) (Solo Objective)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0 End the week in top 100 IP scores (Currently 1 of 4734 )<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The twenty-eight days and change he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent completing the challenge had translated to a touch more than twenty-eight hours out here. What was more concerning, however, was that slightly more than 5% of the tutorial\u8217\'92s participants had died in less than 48 hours. As he considered it, Marcus realized that the first few days were likely the most dangerous part of the Tutorial. The participants were at their weakest: low levels, uncertain about their abilities and skills, most facing a real possibility of painful death for the first times in their lives. So these first days would probably see the deaths of those least suited to this new reality. Within a few days, a week or two at most, the death rate should drop dramatically as those who remained adapted to the danger. After that, most deaths would be from people underestimating a dangerous beast, or overestimating their skills, rather than full on incompetence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or at least, that should be the case until the participants started hunting each other. The way the tutorial was structured, other participants who weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grouped with you would be the best potential sources of IP, especially later in the tutorial. Marcus had seen more personally than most exactly what kind of people came to prominence when law and order were non-existent. War zones brought out the best and worst in people, and the worst were usually the ones who rose to the top in those situations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least there was no incentive for groups to turn on their own members, since there were active penalties for that sort of thing. Which, he abruptly realized, would make solo operators especially vulnerable to that sort of predation. The fact that he had climbed so high in the rankings after his time in the Dungeon would only make him all the more tempting if anyone else were aware of it. He needed to either find a good group to become part of, or to avoid everyone completely for the next four months. And either way, he needed to get stronger to stay alive. He pulled up his personal status to see how he was shaping up after the Dungeon.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov [IP Awarded: 33520 - Ranked 1 of 4734]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Rare) (Corrosive Lightning)(Tier 1) Level 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: Seeker of Power (Uncommon)(Tier 1) Level 4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Magus (Uncommon) (Tier 1) Level 4\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: Arcanist of Lost Mysteries (Legendary)(Tier 1) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality:  501/501}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 2970/2970\tab \tab \tab Mana Core Compression (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 360/360}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 255/255}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Free points remaining: 17 of 27}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength:\tab  7\tab  \tab \tab Willpower: 21}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 8\tab   \tab \tab \tab Intelligence: 21}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 11\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 33}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 9\tab \tab \tab Luck: 22}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Special Abilities:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lingual Savant (Unique) - Instantly understand, speak, read and write any sentient language you encounter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Sensitivity (Racial) - You can perceive and manipulate the mana around you naturally and instinctively. Significantly improves the range and sensitivity of all mana senses gained from other sources (such as skills or abilities).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Darkvision (Racial) - Your eyes are well adapted to see clearly in a wide range of lighting conditions including no light at all}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 General Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stealth (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marksmanship (Tier 2) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Identify (General) (Tier 1)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Racial Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural Climbing (Tier 2)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Class Skills}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control (Tier 4)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Magical Theory (Tier 3)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meditation (Tier 3)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imbued Explosive Mana Spike (Tier 2) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imbued Retributive Barrier (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Weapons (Tier 2) }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Profession Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Construct Theory (Tier 2) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Improved Pathfinding (Tier 2) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Trap Detection (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anchor Mana Construct (Tier 1) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Create Alchemical Concoction (Tier 1) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Detection (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conceptual Exploration (Tier 1)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Newly Integrated - grants Lingual Savant ability, +1 to all base stats, and basic help access to all sentients living in a newly integrated universe}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural Treasure Hunter - increases sensitivity and range of all special senses by one full Tier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Better Lucky than Good - +10 Luck, +10% Luck, doubles effectiveness of Luck stat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Prodigy - increases effectiveness of all Mana Control skills and abilities by 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 20% }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Genius - increases all stats by an additional 10% and primary stats by an extra 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Achievements:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Explorer - Level 1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  +1 to all stats per achievement level<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from his new Profession skills, he was doing pretty well so far. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gained any levels during the challenge Dungeon, but had seen what he considered to be very good skill progress. After studying the screen for a while, he decided that his physical stats were falling too far behind his mental stats and he needed to work on that. He had 17 free stat points so far that he had not spent, so he split them evenly among his physical stats, putting 4 points into each and using the leftover in his weakest physical stat, Strength. With his lowest stat now sitting at 12, he was pretty sure he was comfortably beyond pre-System human limits. The fact that he had also added almost 150 Vitality and a bit more than 200 Stamina with his free points also made him quite happy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The ever pleasant dopamine hit for seeing numbers go up,\u8221\'94 he chuckled to himself. Those dopamine hits had been exactly why he had been a gamer before the System and were a helluva motivator now that the System was here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feeling a bit better prepared for what lay ahead, Marcus made his way up out of the cave that had held his very first Dungeon and back into the Tutorial at large.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}