{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening my eyes again after feeling a sniper round slam into my head was literally the last thing I ever expected to happen. The darkness that followed that split second of agony had felt cold and eternal. But based on the sight that confronted me, it had actually lasted only moments. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was lying on the cold pavement of the street where I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been shot and could still hear the raucous clamor of the riot in progress. Only\u8230\'85 there was no pain. Not from the shoulder that the first sniper round had destroyed or from any of the other myriad aches and pains I accumulated in a half century on this ball of mud. Even the sounds around me seemed muted and distant somehow. I blinked a few times staring up at the cold, gray autumn sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay there, Malcolm?\u8221\'94 A soft, kindly, feminine voice spoke from somewhere nearby on my right. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turned my head and found a young woman, dressed all in black squatting down next to me. Her skin was pale as snow, her makeup decidedly goth in styling. And a large silver ankh necklace hung between her breasts atop her lacy shirt. I felt instantly as if I should know her and yet her identity escaped me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 I think so?\u8221\'94 My voice came out shaky. I sat up slowly, trying to process what was going on around me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She rose to her feet with a fluid grace I would have had difficulty matching when I was her age, let alone at mine, before offering me a slender hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me help you up. That was a hard way to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her fingers were cool to the touch and, combined with her words, the contact sent gooseflesh racing up my arm and a chill down my spine. She was strong, not even straining to draw my more than 200 pounds onto my feet. Something just wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adding up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when my eyes fell on the pavement where I\u8217\'92d been sitting. Where my body was still sitting in a pool of darkening blood, bone and grey matter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94 I recognized my voice as I said that simple syllable. It was a nothing word, only loaded with the entire weight of my world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Death answered, her voice still soft and kind. She stepped up beside me and slid a comforting arm over my shoulders. \u8220\'93You did good. You died on your feet standing up for what you believed in. And you saved more lives than you\u8217\'92ll ever know,\u8221\'94 she waved vaguely at the riot going on behind us that now seemed so far away. \u8220\'93The echoes of what you did here will ripple outward for a very long time.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death smiled warmly at me, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You kept your oath. And you were one of the sparks that will light the fires that save the nation you loved. But your duty here is done. Now it\u8217\'92s time to talk about what comes next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As her words were sinking in, I turned toward the last group of cops that had confronted me before the sniper took me. Two of the officers were down and bleeding badly, the others working to try and staunch the wounds. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What comes next?\u8221\'94 I echoed, still confounded by the end of my mortal life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death slipped her hand into mine and guided me away from the riot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What comes next.\u8221\'94 she affirmed with a nod.}}