{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:14:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Introduction duration remaining 11:44:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus brought his focus back to the present. Goals were all well and good, but that one was a long way off and he needed to lay a foundation for it here and now. He needed his head in the game. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the deal with these training periods you mentioned?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once it begins I will spend the next 10 hours teaching you. We will start with a basic skill everyone in the Multiverse learns and from there, it will be up to you. Most use their first training period to get System recognition of skills they already possess and their second to learn things they think will help them survive in the post-System world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, one last question before we run out of time then, how does one increase their race tier?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By walking their path,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93This means progressing in both your class and profession as well as your overall level. Your race tier is limited by all three. Once you have raised your class and profession to the next tier and have enough levels, you\u8217\'92ll receive a quest to complete to raise your race tier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, 10 levels and get my profession and class to tier 2 and then I can raise my race tier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. 20 levels not 10.\u8221\'94 She corrected him, before explaining. \u8220\'93These levels work a little differently in two ways. First, they do not reset when your race tier increases. Second, you need to gain ten times as many levels as the tier you\u8217\'92re trying to reach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So level 20 for tier 2, level 30 for tier 3?\u8221\'94 He hoped that\u8217\'92s what she meant, but was pretty sure that it was not going to be that easy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Level 2o for tier 2, level 50 for tier 3, level 90 for tier 4, level 140 for tier 5, and so on until you reach the tier 9 at level 440,\u8221\'94 she gave him a sympathetic look. \u8220\'93And then you would still need 100 more levels to begin to seek godhood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that certainly explains why it takes so long to reach godhood,\u8221\'94 he said with a grimace. \u8220\'93I also assume each level is harder to get than the one before it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You only gain experience toward your level by facing a legitimate challenge, such as killing a beast close to you in level, or using your profession to craft something appropriate to your level. Repeating the same tasks, such as slaying the same kind of beast repeatedly will eventually begin to result in diminishing returns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yay,\u8221\'94 he replied unenthusiastically. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the other hand, constantly seeking new and interesting challenges and pushing your limits result in the best gains,\u8221\'94 she said reassuringly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Complacency bad, novelty good,\u8221\'94 he joked. \u8220\'93Got it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Final Training Period duration remaining 09:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In order to use the identify skill, you must first focus your attention on the thing you want to identify. You must be able to see it with your perception skill as well as your mana sense,\u8221\'94 the Guide began explaining. \u8220\'93Think of it as seeing all of the thing in question, both its physical and metaphysical existence. Once you can get a glimpse of that gestalt, the System will step in provide you additional information, unlocking the beginner level of the identify skill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide waved a hand and the staff Marcus had used earlier appeared on the ground in front of him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use this to work on the technique, it\u8217\'92s not as easy as it sounds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus did as instructed, focusing his full attention on the staff without touching it. This skill was focused on seeing, not on tactile contact after all. He spent several minutes staring intently at the object, seeing the mana construct inside it as if it were overlaid on it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re trying too hard,\u8221\'94 the Guide chided gently. \u8220\'93Relax your focus. Think of this as more of taking a quick snapshot of the object than trying to paint a portrait of it in your head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He forced himself to relax and close his eyes for a few moments. Then he tried again, focusing both his eyes and mana senses simultaneously this time. This time, instead of seeing one aspect of it overlaid with the other, he saw it as one complete object. There was more to its mana than just the construct he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen before. Aspects of the staff that were lost when he looked too closely. Abruptly he got a System notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Inferior Wizard Staff (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements to use: Level 1 or higher in any sapient race or Mana manipulation (Tier 1) Level 1 or higher.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wielder can charge the staff with mana to create a bolt of destructive mana that can be fired at will. Additional mana may be used to either increase the damage inflicted or the effective range up to a limit of 10 mana per tier of the staff. Each mana dedicated to increasing the range will extend the range by one increment. Each mana dedicated to damage increases the damage inflicted by one increment. Damage type determined by aspect of mana used.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Range increment:  150 meters}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Identify (Tier 1) Level 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that didn\u8217\'92t take as long as expected.\u8221\'94 She shook her head. \u8220\'93Expert titles must have lowered the threshold for the System assist to kick in. So what shall we work on next?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next several hours were spent on gaining system recognition for the stalking and fieldcraft abilities he had previously learned on the sniper course, the unarmed combat skills he picked up in basic training and various martial arts classes he took, and his skill at using a staff in melee. That was followed up with some additional training in mana theory and meditation that led into the Guide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assistance in creating an spell to shield himself from both physical and magical attack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Final Training period duration remaining: 0:59:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Tutorial period in 2:29:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have almost an hour of training time remaining. Would you like to work on anything else?\u8221\'94 The Guide asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you provide me with a bunch of items so I can work on my Identify skill?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Certainly.\u8221\'94 She waved her hand and more than a dozen items appeared: an assortment of small weapons, jewelry, pieces of armor made of leather or metal, and small bottles of liquid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a smile, Marcus reached out with his telekinesis skill to lift each item, and bring it closer. Then he would use identify on it and return it to its original position. He largely ignored the information the identify skill provided, since he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to be permitted to keep the items, it was just a way to practice two more skills he wanted to improve while he had the opportunity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he spent the last few minutes practicing with his mana bolt until he received the System notification that marked the end of training.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Final Training period completed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Path Selection Protocol<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}