{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knew it was a bad idea even as I slid my concealed carry holster into the waistband of my heavy duty dungarees. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take a firearm to a protest. You just don\u8217\'92t do it. But the feeling in my gut told me this wasn\u8217\'92t going to be a peaceful demonstration no matter we did. And after what Rittenhouse did in Kenosha during the pandemic? I wasn\u8217\'92t going to be unarmed when the next right-wing douche canoe decided to start shooting at people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A week ago, three white cops opened fire on an unarmed, unresisting black teenager during a traffic stop. They essentially killed a kid over a burned out rear blinker because one officer \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91felt threatened\u8217\'92. The city had been a powder keg ever since, and I was pretty sure the press conference was going to be the match that set it off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was headed downtown to join thousands of others, men and women of all colors, in protesting against the increasingly militarized city police. Since the beginning of President Trump\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second term, hostilities between the increasingly fascist government and everyone who believed in empathy, compassion and keeping authorities accountable to the people had risen sharply. Rumors on the \u8216\'91net even suggested that a bunch of the same militant right-wing groups involved in the January 6 insurrection had traveled to the city over the last few days to \u8216\'91counter-protest\u8217\'92. It was bullshit, of course; they were here to intimidate and provoke violence if they could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stood for a long moment in front of my bedroom mirror and stared into my own eyes, just breathing. I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remotely typical among my liberal brethren who would be at this protest. I was older than most, one of those uncommon members of Gen-X who\u8217\'92d had enough of this bullshit, and a disabled veteran with a bum leg to boot. Far too many of my supposed peers would be on the other side of this conflict. I tried to focus on my breathing, pushing down my anxiety and the adrenaline that was trying to push me into a combat mindset. I had braided and beaded my long hair earlier and now I pulled the entire mass into a pony-tail that I tied tightly with a leather thong before pulling on my jacket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will not start shit,\u8221\'94 I affirmed to my reflection, beginning the mantra that I always repeated before tense protests like this one, \u8220\'93but neither will I take shit. I won\u8217\'92t be the first to resort to violence, but if violence comes upon me I will not hesitate. If today is the day, then may Odin grant me strength to stand firm, may the Morrigan give me the cunning to find victory, may Athena show me the wisest path to protect those who need protection, and may Tiamat and Abzu grant me the ferocity to make a difference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind me, at the open door to my bedroom, I heard my roommate half-snort and half-chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are the only pagan I know who reveres war deities from four, very different pantheons as your main gods. The others are reciting the Wiccan Rede and Threefold Law, while you\u8217\'92re preparing to fight your way into Valhalla,\u8221\'94 she half-scolded, half-joked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92m not really a pagan. I don\u8217\'92t go in for witchcraft and magic spells. I\u8217\'92m a heathen, willing to fight, kill, and die for what I believe,\u8221\'94 I retorted. It was an old routine between us. She was a die-hard pacifist and didn\u8217\'92t approve of my willingness to engage in violence. In this moment, I was just glad she hadn\u8217\'92t seen me slip the pistol into my pants. That would have been a very ugly argument. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turned back from the mirror to look back at her. She was shorter than me, younger than me, and much prettier than my old ass had ever been. She also had a much greater stake in what was going on, being neither white nor male. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Midi, please tell me you put the vest I gave you on under your sweatshirt?\u8221\'94 I asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you really gonna make an issue out of this, Malcolm?\u8221\'94 she asked with a sigh. \u8220\'93You know how I feel about violence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I suppressed a small wince. If she was using that tone of voice and full naming me then she knew, or at least strongly suspected, what was under my jacket and disapproved. Intensely. At least she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t making an issue of it. Yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you know how I feel about stupid risks. Expect peace but prepare for violence, whether you plan to be violent back or not,\u8221\'94 I retorted. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing in the Rede or Threefold Law that suggests protecting yourself is frowned upon. At least not protecting yourself in the passive, wearing a protective vest sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really think this is going to end in violence, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 the word leapt out of my mouth so fast that I almost interrupted her. \u8220\'93The red hats have been cranking up the pressure and pushing their fascist bullshit harder than ever. Unless something major gets shaken up, we\u8217\'92re heading toward another racial massacre that\u8217\'92ll make Tulsa look like a day in the park. And you know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Things aren\u8217\'92t anywhere near that bad yet,\u8221\'94 she tried to argue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t they? Trump hasn\u8217\'92t even been back in office for a year yet. You remember how Pride went right?\u8221\'94 I shot back. \u8220\'93It was almost Stonewall all over again. And we didn\u8217\'92t have Proud Boys and Oathkeepers open carrying AR-15s to deal with at Pride, just a bunch of homophobic and transphobic frat bros.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, you really think those guys are going to be on the streets?\u8221\'94 she seemed shocked. \u8220\'93I thought that was just a bunch of bullshit rumors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, you know I still talk to a lot of old friends with the feds and military intelligence who aren\u8217\'92t Trumpster fires. They\u8217\'92re convinced the intel is solid. So go put on the goddamn vest or I will park myself in front of the apartment door and refuse to let you out.\u8221\'94 The edge of anger colored my tone but I couldn\u8217\'92t help it. \u8220\'93I have too few friends to take the risk of letting you go without it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With another exasperated sigh, Midori recognized that I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budging on this. \u8220\'93Fine. I\u8217\'92m only doing this for your peace of mind, Mal. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she turned and went to go put on her vest, I scooped up the last thing I was taking with me to the protest. It was a wide angle button cam attached to a support pack the size of a large cell phone. The support pack had a small solid state drive along with enough connectivity hardware to live stream whatever the cam filmed. It had a decent battery life, good for a few hours of live streaming that could be extended by plugging it into the same kind of external battery pack one might use to charge a phone on the go. I pinned the button cam to my heavy jacket and threaded the thin connector cable through the coat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s headphone slot. I dropped the support pack and extra battery in the coat\u8217\'92s inside pocket and checked myself in the mirror again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The camera was completely unobtrusive and the heavy bulk of the warmly padded jacket hid the bulge of the support pack and battery perfectly. Once I turned it on, the rig would livestream the entire protest to a private website monitored by a few of my old friends. If anything went sideways, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make sure that unedited footage made its way into the public\u8217\'92s hands. It was a precaution that more than a few of us cynical types had started taking after the riots in 2020, a way to make sure that the unvarnished truth gets out when the media starts spinning events one way or another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was depressingly certain that before today was through it would turn out to have been a very good idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}