{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he crossed the threshold into the room, two large braziers burst to life with the same blue-green flame he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d encountered outside the dungeon, illuminating the room. Standing before him in the center of the room stood a truly massive sphinx with a woman\u8217\'92s head. It had to be four meters tall at the shoulder, and it was sprawled comfortably on the floor like a gigantic cat. It slowly turned its eyes to Marcus and let a smile spread slowly across its face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, well, well,\u8221\'94 the Sphinx\u8217\'92s voice was a powerful, melodious, alto and was filled with curiosity. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve done well to get this far, little Dragonkin. Its been so long since someone faced me here.\u8221\'94 She moved like a cat, stretching languorously and sitting up without her eyes ever moving from his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I must assume you\u8217\'92re my final test then,\u8221\'94 he said with a slow nod. \u8220\'93And I can add \u8216\'91Sphinxes\u8217\'92 exist to the list of things I\u8217\'92ve learned since entering this Tutorial.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She snorted a laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am indeed, though whether you\u8217\'92ll survive my test, remains to be seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In my world\u8217\'92s legends, a Sphinx would ask travelers a riddle and devour those who couldn\u8217\'92t answer it correctly,\u8221\'94 Marcus turned his attention to the rest of the room as he spoke. \u8220\'93Should I take it those legends weren\u8217\'92t far off the mark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They weren\u8217\'92t far off indeed,\u8221\'94 the Sphinx confirmed, her eyes glinting hungrily. \u8220\'93Only it\u8217\'92s three questions, rather than one riddle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I suppose I\u8217\'92ve made it this far,\u8221\'94 he replied with a slow nod. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to assume I pass the final test by getting past you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed, I am the Guardian of the Archive,\u8221\'94 the pride was audible in her voice. \u8220\'93I have not been bested in more years than you can count.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus strolled to one side of the room and made a show of studying the imagery depicted in the frescoes that covered the wall. He spoke again in an offhanded and casual tone. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That long? Well then, I must admire your patience. Are you truly aware of the passage of time in the Multiverse? Or do you only exist while someone is attempting the Dungeon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sphinx sniffed the air and gave him a somewhat puzzled look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You truly don\u8217\'92t fear me? How interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I see no reason to fear you. If you choose to eat me, there\u8217\'92s little enough I can do about it. Why fear things beyond your control?\u8221\'94 He kept his face to the wall, hiding his grin from the Sphinx.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How interesting,\u8221\'94 she shifted her position, keeping her eyes fixed on him as moved down the wall, continuing to study the artwork, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never met a creature who didn\u8217\'92t fear their fate if they failed my test. Do you truly not fear death?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I respect death, I\u8217\'92d be a fool not to,\u8221\'94  he answered with a laugh. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92ve faced death many, many times and I see no reason to fear the end of this life. Either I will find my place in whatever comes after and continue, or I will cease to be and never truly be aware I died.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He continued to move along the wall before turning to face the back wall of the chamber, where a single sealed gateway stood between him and a hallway scaled for creatures much smaller than the sphinx. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, are you the arbiter of the test as well as the test? Or does some other magic determine what counts as a correct answer to your questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The magic of the contract that binds me to guard the archive is the arbiter of your fate,\u8221\'94 she replied, smirking at him. \u8220\'93I am but the proctor of the test and the instrument of your demise, should you fail.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes sense,\u8221\'94 he agreed with nod as he paused before the gate and appeared to study it for a long moment. \u8220\'93And I assume a successful completion of the test would end your contract? Freeing you from your obligations?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would indeed,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93However, if you think that means I will make this easy for you, you are much mistaken. To intentionally make the test easy for you to pass would be a gross violation of the contract that binds me and the backlash of such a thing would be\u8230\'85 unpleasant to say the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Makes sense,\u8221\'94 he nodded, continuing to study the gate. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose there\u8217\'92s a way to pass this test that doesn\u8217\'92t involve besting your questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you slew me, or could find a way to open the gate without being eaten,\u8221\'94 she shrugged. \u8220\'93Those would technically be ways to pass the test, as you would have gotten past me. The questions are only a means to an end for you after all, as answering my questions will open the gate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s thoughtful of whoever set up these tests,\u8221\'94 Marcus opened his sling bag and withdrew a second vial of the Mana disruptor, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always nice when their are multiple ways to accomplish the goal. I suppose the more difficult or creative the solution, the better the rewards are likely to be as well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be the System\u8217\'92s usual approach to such things,\u8221\'94 she shook her head watching him with narrowed eyes. \u8220\'93Should I presume you think you\u8217\'92ve come up with a more creative solution to the test than answering my questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, at least two solutions that I think are more creative than just straight up playing a game of questions with you, though I suppose how much more creative is a matter of perspective.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Dungeon Objective Completed: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive (5/5)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective Completed: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hidden Dungeon Objective Completed: Get past the Guardian of the Archive without killing her or playing her game.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon: Secrets of the Past successfully completed! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weekly objective completed: Find and Complete your first Dungeon (1/1)! 10,000 IP awarded (award doubled for being first to complete objective this week.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hidden objective updated: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complete the Secrets of the Past and claim its legacy (1/2)<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as he finished speaking, the gate barring the hallway vanished and Marcus darted forward as quickly as he could, getting out of the Sphinx\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93TREACHERY!\u8221\'94 the suddenly enraged sphinx screamed trying to pounce at him. She stretched her feline paw as far down the small passageway as she could finding him several feet beyond her grasp. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Treachery?\u8221\'94 He clasped his hand to his breast. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wounded by the very accusation. You asked three questions and I answered them. That they weren\u8217\'92t the questions you meant to ask is hardly my fault.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?! What three questions?\u8221\'94 the sphinx demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First, you asked \u8216\'91You truly don\u8217\'92t fear me?\u8217\'92. You may have intended it rhetorically, but I answered none-the-less. Then you asked \u8216\'91Do you truly not fear death?\u8217\'92, which was indisputably a question directly asked and honestly answered. And finally you asked, \u8216\'91Should I presume you think you\u8217\'92ve come up with a more creative solution to the test than answering my questions?\u8217\'92, and I also answered that truthfully.\u8221\'94 Marcus shrugged. \u8220\'93Since the gate opened when I answered that third question, it would appear the contract agrees with my interpretation and you are now free without backlash.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sphinx stared at him for a long moment, clearly taken aback, before narrowing her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are dangerously clever, Dragonkin.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And dangerously reckless,\u8221\'94 he agreed, \u8220\'93My second plan was a lot more likely to end\u8230\'85 less well than this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Second plan?\u8221\'94 the sphinx jerked back slightly startled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yeah, I mean I told you I had at least two alternatives to playing your game.\u8221\'94 Marcus shrugged again. \u8220\'93The other plan was to use my second vial of Mana disruptor from the fourth test to disrupt the gate and then dodge your attempts to kill me if that actually worked since it would take a few seconds and you would probably catch on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She blinked at him again, processing his words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would have been more dangerous,\u8221\'94 she agreed. \u8220\'93Though I also would have enjoyed the attempt more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92d apologize for that, but I\u8217\'92m not actually sorry I didn\u8217\'92t have to try and avoid you swatting me like a mouse.\u8221\'94 He smiled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dangerously clever, indeed,\u8221\'94 she shook her head. \u8220\'93If we ever cross paths again, I will be much more careful of you, Dragonkin.\u8221\'94 The sphinx spread her wings and bowed slightly to him before vanishing in a swirl of mana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So will I,\u8221\'94 Marcus agreed quietly, \u8220\'93so will I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he turned and walked into the archive itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}