{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magic is the single most important force within the Drakon Confederacy. It is the true power from which all other authority derives. And it is an absolute necessity to nurture and advance its power as much as possible for the security of the entire world. For just beyond the world, in the void between universes, dwell monstrosities that seek to destroy everything they encounter. These beings are manifestations of madness and decay, of entropy and chaos itself, and work tirelessly to eliminate all order from the cosmos, to return it all to primordial non-existence. It is only the power of Magic that gives the sentient races the ability to fight back against such Eldritch abominations. And at the pinnacle of mortal magic stand the Dragons. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dragons are not a normal creature of the natural world. Dragons do not reproduce the way other creatures do. Every Dragon begins its existence as part of one of the other sentient, magic using races, like humanity, elves, or a myriad of others. Some few of these races are born with a dragon-seed in their soul, giving them the potential to become Dragons, given time and good fortune. Becoming a Dragon is no easy process, it requires the accumulation of immense magical power, usually through the study and practice of magic over decades if not centuries. Such accumulation of power causes the dragon-seed within their soul to sprout and grow, changing them over time into Dragons in body and soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every sentient being in this world has some potential to use magic, whether they bear a dragon-seed or not. The Drakon Confederacy has developed a means to safely and quickly assess this potential, a tool they call a Mage Stone. The one to be tested picks up the Mage Stone and holds it near their mouth, breathing out ten slow breaths onto the stone. Each breath causes to the stone to pulse with a slight glow, the light growing steadier and brighter with each breath. The color of the glow reveals the potential of the person being tested. The colors the stone produces are the colors of flame, the hotter the flame colors, the greater magical potential of the person. The scale ranges from the dark, cool reds, to ambers and oranges, yellows and whites, to blue and even violet at the hottest end of the scale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those with the weakest potential, the darkest red colors on the scale, lack the power to wield magic with any degree of skill or power and are never trained. Ambers and weaker oranges are not accepted for training on their first testing but all oranges are trained if it is their second testing.  The additional maturity gained in the intervening years serves to improve the odds of the trainees reaching graduation even if their potential has not developed to a higher level during that time. Bright oranges, yellows, and whites are always trained and few with potential of white or higher fail to find themselves pulled into a Noble House by the end of their training.  Blues are rare and are always trained to joined the Battlemages, the most powerful of various guilds. Violets are so rare as to be considered legendary because that color indicates an activated dragon-seed, which is to say one that has begun to sprout, however slightly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, only the Dragons know the truth about dragon-seeds. The Collegium Arcanus, where the mages are trained to use and explore their powers, merely believe that any sufficiently powerful mage can become a Dragon. The Dragons, however, can sense a dragon-seed whenever they are close enough to its bearer. For this reason, Dragons always take those who bear a dragon-seed under their wing and mentor them. They also tend to mentor an assortment of powerful Battlemages as well so as to mask the presence of actual dragon-seeds.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>How the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s magic works<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magic is powered by breath. Breath which overflows with the vital energies of the breather. The same breath which fuels muscles and movement and life. Ergo the more exhausted a person is from exertion, the less magic they can muster. Magic can be breathed into specially prepared objects: foci, relics, and artifacts, to power their magical abilities or it can be breathed into spell forms created by skilled mages in order to manifest supernatural effects. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spell forms come in two basic types: temporary constructs or permanent structures. The temporary constructs tend to be mental in nature, an envisioning of the geometric figures and runes that shape the power of magic into a manifest effect. Permanent structures are much more flexible in many ways, they can be tattooed on flesh, carved in stone, forged as a metal object, or any number of other physical creations. The advantage of such things is two-fold: they are faster to activate than a mental spell form and they do not require a complete understanding of the form itself to use. All spell forms have a common drawback, however, breathing magic into an incomplete or incorrectly formed results in backlash. Backlash generally manifests as the completely uncontrolled release of magical energy. This manifestation is usually an explosive process and becomes more dangerous the more energy is breathed into the form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Breath itself comes in two basic forms: mortal breath and dragon breath. Mortal breath is less potent and less dense in magical energy. All sapient, non-dragon, lifeforms possess mortal breath, though the energy density of such breath varies with the power of the being breathing. Dragon breath, on the other hand, is far more powerful. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weakest degree of energy density is orders of magnitudes more potent than the strongest of mortal breath. Dragon breath is so dense with magical energy that it can be shaped into an exhalation of elemental energy with nothing more than thought and will. This is how Dragons breath out flames, ice, lightning or toxic gas at need. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those possessed of dragon seeds possess a small amount of dragon breath from the moment that the seed begins to sprout. As the seed sprouts and grows toward maturity, more and more of their mortal breath become dragon breath. At first, they may not understand this small well of intense power, but the process of becoming a dragon comes with a slowly growing understanding of what is happening to the nascent dragon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Foci, relics, and artifacts are the product of the artificer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trade and represent three different grades of enchanted object. Foci, the simplest kind, contain a single spell form of relatively low complexity. They store no magic of their own, and are limited in their usefulness as a result. Relics are far more varied than foci, often containing multiple spell forms of differing complexity. Many relics possess a small to moderate reservoir that the wielder can breath power into and that keeps the relic operating without the active attention of the user. As such, relics can produce more passive effects than foci. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artifacts are the more powerful and rarest of magical items and are yet more complex than even the most potent of relics. The spell forms and enchantments laid on an artifact are layered to create effects far beyond what is possible in foci or relics and an artifact contains a much, much larger reservoir of power. A reservoir that is, in many cases, several times larger than the breath capacity of even the most powerful of mages. The bearers of such things often spent as much as a few hours each day breathing power back into the reservoirs of their artifacts to keep them topped up. The most common artifacts are the fantastic battle armor worn by the most powerful of Battlemages. Armor which is crafted by the Dragons for their most power weapons in the battle against the void-dwellers. Since these suits are powerful and difficult to destroy they become heirlooms within the families of those blessed with such gifts, with new suits created whenever the Dragons need to elevate a new Warlord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Warlord armor is relatively common as artifacts go, no more than a dozen or so might exist within even the oldest states of the Confederacy, and even fewer in the younger states. Other artifacts tend to be unique or nearly unique and vary greatly. Each artifact is crafted by a master artificer and many represent the culmination of a lifetime of pursuing the pinnacle of their craft. The most powerful artifacts tend to be infused with the very life of the crafter, who often die in the process of quickening the item. Only an artifact crafted by a Dragon-king can surpass such creations in power.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>On power and potential<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within the Confederacy, all children are tested on their 13th and 19th birthdays for mage spark. This is because the breath and potential of a child grows within them from birth, but slowly until the beginning of puberty. The 13th birthday is the earliest time when that potential power might have crossed a threshold to be suitable for training and very few children are taken at this age for the Collegium. The first testing is mostly to establish a baseline of the child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s potential. The second testing, and the difference between it and the first testing, tell the true story of the child\u8217\'92s potential as a mage. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dragon seed is only detectable by the test if it has already begun to sprout. This is incredibly rare at the first testing, but usually indicates a Dragon with the potential to become a full Dragon-King in their own right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}