{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am dying. I am alone and I am dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I moved like a zombie as I stood up and tossed my phone on the bed. I stepped into the room's bathroom, stripped down, climbed into the bathtub, pulled the curtain and turned on the water. Within moments I was sitting in the bathtub, water pouring over me, my knees pulled into my chest, my arms wrapped around them and I was sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I sat there, mourning my life and my suddenly looming death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no idea when or how I got out of that tub, dried off and fell asleep on the hotel bed. I remember crying and I remember waking up, but nothing between the two. I woke up feeling numb and oddly calm. It was that feeling you get you you've let an emotion run its course for now. When you know that the emotional anguish is still there, but you've exhausted your ability to feel it for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My phone lay forgotten on the bed, silently mocking me. No message light beckoned to tell me that any of my desperate phone calls had been returned or answered with as much as a text message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am alone and I am dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought echoed in my head, ringing like a church bell. My heart thudded in my ears as the panic rose up again trying to engulf me. It sounded like a drum, beating out the time until it would be done and the eternal quiet would take me. Only this time, I was too numb to panic. I closed my eyes. I still had options. I still had time, though not enough to squander any more of it on meaningless things. My rational, logical brain seized on the emotional exhaustion and exerted itself for the first time since I got back to the hotel after my appointment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I called the front desk and extended my stay an extra day. I would be in no condition to drive today and the goal was to stay alive, not to give up and die in some stupid car accident. Then I sat down in front of my laptop, opened my browser and started doing my research. This disease might have my number, but I was not going out without a fight. There had to be options, even long odds were better than none.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I spent hours combing the literature and getting my brain around the problem. It was a slow and exhausting process. I'm no slouch intellectually. I've never encountered a topic I couldn't understand nor a concept I couldn't follow, but I needed so much background data I just didn't have. Biology, chemistry and the various life sciences had never interested me enough before to motivate me to study it. I'd always been about computer and data science, however, and I would put my ability to do research, organize information and assimilate it up against anyone. I would never be at the level of a truly expert specialist in a field other than my own, but with time and motivation, you would be shocked by how close I get in terms of understanding and knowledge base.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}