{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;\red160\green27\blue72;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 Marcus Dragunov}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 48 \bullet  Fayetteville Area, North Carolina}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Role in Story: Protagonist}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Goal: Initially to survive and protect the people important to him, goals evolve from there.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Description: Six feet tall, solidly built. Left leg is partially crippled from an accident so he relies on a cane to assist with walking, but fairly healthy and fit otherwise. Short, well kept black hair that has gone significantly silver. Well trimmed mustache and goatee also silvered. Heavily tattooed, wears a number of silver stainless steel rings on each hand along with a number of bracelets of leather braid or stainless steel. Dresses in a utilitarian manner, cargo pants/shorts, tee-shirts, boots. Usually with a sleeveless vest with deep inside pockets over the shirt. When working tends toward either an off-the-shelf business suit with practical shoes for dealing with corporate types, or cargo pants, boots, and polos for less formal work. Still carries obvious traces of a military bearing. Steel grey eyes frequently behind plain sunglasses. Fair skinned, with a roman nose and a sharply planed face. Tends to speak quietly, calmly, with a deep baritone voice.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Personality: Fiercely protective of what he cares about, cynical with a gallows wit, a violent temper that is not easy to provoke, clearheaded and accustomed to coping with crises. Pressure tends to focus him rather than frazzle him. Very Gen-X American, so he either cares a great deal about something or not at all, with little in-between. Struggles with cPTSD and some mild paranoia.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Occupation: Former Military Sniper turned Security Consultant}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Habits/Mannerisms: Tends toward hypervigilance. Won\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t sit with his back to doors or with someone in a seat directly behind him. Tends to deploy long, uncomfortable silences when thinking or when trying to provoke.  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Background: }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 \tab \tab Only child of an Army Combat Arms Officer and a Civilian Nurse who worked in military hospitals, grew up living a fairly nomadic life. Learned to be self-contained at a young age which turned into becoming self-motivated as he matured. Classic gifted kid school experience, with almost all of his social bonding occurring within gifted classes. Parents were somewhat distant and career focused. Father was a strict disciplinarian bordering on abusive. Mother worked long hours (to avoid his father mainly) and eventually divorced his father while he was deployed when Marcus was in his teens. Lived with mother from the divorce until he graduated high school and visits with his father were infrequent during that time due to his military career. Floundered with what to do with his life until he went on a road trip with his father to celebrate his graduation. They talked a lot, in a much more man-to-man way then they had ever been able to before and Marcus learned that he had a great deal in common with his father, including how he was raised and mistakes that his father made in his marriage and family life. The end result was Marcus enlisting in the Army a few weeks after he returned from his trip.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Marcus enlisted for a military intelligence analyst role but during basic was discovered to have an exceptional knack for shooting. He was subsequently convinced by his training instructors to switch to a combat role where he trained extensively and excelled, completing the US Army Sniper Course with top marks among other training. He served honorably in a number of military actions over a couple of enlistments as a Sniper until an unlucky parachute landing during an insertion wrecked his left knee. His squad had to scrub the mission and drag him to an emergency extraction. He spent two years going through reconstructive surgeries and rehabilitation before being honorably discharged for medical reasons. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 After his discharge, Marcus acquired a degree in business management with a minor in psychology before starting up a security consultancy group with a former Army buddy who separated. Combining his military and business background the group became successful enough that he was quite financially stable. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf7 Socially, Marcus established a small circle of friends, spending a great deal of his downtime, both in and out of the military, indulging in both online and tabletop roleplaying games. While in college he met his first wife, a relationship that produced a single child and a mostly amicable divorce as he managed to not repeat his father\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s (and grandfather\u8217\'92s) mistakes, instead making entirely new ones. He has a pretty good relationship with his child, and is able to interact politely with his ex-wife. These days, he splits his time between work, his gaming habits, and maintaining a good level of physical fitness to keep up appearances for work (people rarely like to engage security consultants who appear out of shape or lazy) and to minimize the issues created by his injury as he gets older. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Internal Conflicts: Marcus has difficulties with some of the things he did during his time in the service. He is disillusioned with his home country, his role in private security, capitalism, and life in general. He\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s been struggling for sometime now and has been entertaining selling his interest in his security group and looking for something else in his life for some time now.}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 External Conflicts: In the beginning Marcus\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s main external conflict is his partner in his security group not wanting him to leave the group and his general sense of ennui. Once the system integration begins, it becomes adapting to and surviving in a world that is suddenly far more dangerous than before. }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b0\i0}