{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:00:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) has improved to 4!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) has improved to 2!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus snapped out of his meditation in response to the one minute warning, rising smoothly to his feet. He quickly checked his stamina to find it almost fully restored, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [proving the value of meditation to recovery at this point.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Stamina: 80/83<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had regained a full 40 stamina over about seven and a half minutes. That was a touch more than 5 stamina a minute. Given his current stamina pool that meant he could fully regenerate his stamina pool from almost empty in about 15 minutes or so of meditation. He could only hope the speed improved as his stamina pool deepened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushing the distractions aside, he turned his mind to the approaching tests. These tests were about pure strength and stamina for the most part as only the deadlift required anything much in the way of technique or form. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [Luckily, he knew how to deadlift, so he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too worried about injuring himself.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning Third Evaluation Cycle<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instantly a barbell with two large seeming weights appeared on the floor in front of him. Without hesistating, Marcus positioned himself properly, grasped the bar, and stood, smoothly lifting the weight he held. He paused at the top before lowering it back down smoothly. As he moved to repeat the lift, he immediately noticed the barbell had significantly increased in weight when he set it down. Yet he continued to smoothly repeat the lift, with the weight increasing each time. After his third rep he got his first notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Lifting (Tier 1) Level 1! Strength has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus immediately noticed the difference in his next rep, the increase of strength was quite noticeable, and the increase after each rep did not seem nearly as steep. He continued to lift, turning off notifications for anything other than new skills or evolutions. As the weight increased to the point where lifting became a significant strain, he got his second notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Lifting (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Lifting (Tier 2) Level 1! Strength has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: Stamina has dropped below 25%!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 22/94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He strained and managed two more reps before hitting what his drill instructors had termed muscle failure. He simply couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t repeat the exercise properly anymore, his arms feeling more akin to wet noodles than human limbs. He released the dumbbell, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [stepped back, and stepped back a couple steps]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  before settling in and beginning to meditate, trusting the Guide would wake him when his 15 minutes between tests expired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes snapped open, pulling him from his meditation as the Guide announced, \u8220\'93Next test begins in one minute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) has improved to Level 10!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 94/94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fourteen minutes of deep meditation and he saw six increases in level, which wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bad, leaving him about halfway to the minimum level for its next evolution. Still he was back to peak stamina and his arms felt fully recovered so it wasn\u8217\'92t like it wasn\u8217\'92t effective enough for now as it was. He stood and did a couple quick stretches, looking for stiffness in his arms, legs or back and finding none. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the room changed and he found himself in what looked like a hallway perhaps 25 meters long. Before him sat what looked like a standard medicine ball one might find in a well equipped gym, only made of what looked like metal instead of rubber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lift the ball, carry it to the line at the opposite end of the hall, put it down then repeat to return to this end,\u8221\'94 the Guide instructed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a nod, Marcus lifted the ball using a modified deadlift, where he slid his hands under the rounded bottom of the ball and pulled it up into his chest before standing fully. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as heavy as the first barbell repetition, but his strength had increased twice since then. He walked smoothly to the opposite end of the hall, turned around and repeated the motions to lower the ball to the floor. When he lifted it back to his chest, the weight seemed to have almost doubled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He repeated the process, the ball growing incrementally heavy with each repetition of the exercise. After just two reps he got a notification that surprised him so much he almost dropped the ball.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Athleticism (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Athleticism (Tier 2) Level 1!  Agility, Strength and Endurance have each increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apparently lifting and carrying increased both his Lifting and Athleticism skills, which made a strange sort of sense, considering the term was generally used to refer to a combination of strength, fitness and agility. He continued on repeating his exercises until finally, after about 30 minutes of effort he hit the wall, his arms gave out and he dropped the medicine ball. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Warning! Stamina below 5%!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 3/105 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If Stamina reaches 0 you will fall unconscious!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus half-sat and half-collapsed to the floor, far more exhausted than he had been after any of the previous physical tests. It hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully occurred to him that hitting zero stamina would result in passing out, but he truly believed it now. Still he forced himself into a meditation position and began to meditate once more. Within just a few minutes of meditation, he felt greatly improved. When the Guide woke him he felt more than adequately recovered for a good performance on the next test.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) has improved to Level 15!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 98/105<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ninety-five stamina recovered in 14 minutes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 That was more than he expected. In fact, that was almost seven stamina per minute, a noticeable increase from the bit more than five per minute he had been getting at first. He wondered if it was related to his stamina pool improving, his strength improving or his meditation skill improving. He\u8217\'92d have to ask the Guide about regeneration rates the next chance he got.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing he stretched and prepared mentally for the next task, swinging his arms and twisting his back to make sure the muscles were loosened up and ready. And then he suddenly found himself standing on a smooth, packed dirt track in front of a large metal cube that looked to be about one cubic meter. Attached to the center of the cube facing him was a drag line some three inches in diameter with a sturdy metal handle affixed to the loose end. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus scooped up the line, turned his back to the cube with the line over his right shoulder and both hands on the handle. He started walking at a slow but steady pace until the line went taut and then leaned his whole body into it. He took one steady step at a time, trying to distribute the drag weight across his whole body. And then he just kept moving. His feet felt like they were digging into the surface beneath him, providing a measure of bracing for each step and he just focused completely on each step. The minutes dragged on and the weight increased in steady increments. As he neared his limit and his stamina dropped steadily, he received another surprising notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Warning! Stamina below 5%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina 4/99}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Athleticism (Tier 2) Level 20 has evolved to Novice Athleticism (Tier 3) Level 1! Agility, Strength and Endurance have each increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warning! Stamina below 15%!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 15/116<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apparently a stamina pool increase resulted in an equal increase in current stamina. That skill evolution bought him enough stamina to push through one final step.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Warning! Stamina critical!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 1/116}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Novice Athleticism has improved to Level 2!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus dropped the drag line and dropped to his knees, sinking into meditation almost immediately. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}