{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus slept like the dead. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even stir until the System, in the guise of his Guide, intervened to wake him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He suddenly felt ice cold water splash down over his face and tors0. He bolted upright, abruptly fully awake and gasping for air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OH HOLY SHIT! WHAT THE FUCK?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have been asleep for more than 26 hours as a result of extreme mental exhaustion,\u8221\'94 the Guide explained curtly. \u8220\'93You have slept through a twelve and a half hour rest period, a ten hour training cycle, and most of a second, three hour rest period.\u8221\'94 The Guide offered him a towel they conjured from nowhere. \u8220\'93The System deemed waking you preferable to allowing you to miss the second ten hour training cycle and having you be disadvantaged in the tutorial.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sheepishly reached out for the towel and begin drying himself off. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Uh. Thanks, then. I guess I sort of overdid it in that last evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed you did,\u8221\'94 she confirmed. \u8220\'93You still have pending notifications even before we get started on your inevitable questions about what you accomplished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He winced slightly, embarrassed at the realization he really had passed out. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, let me check those then, and pull up my status. My last few moments of consciousness are pretty\u8230\'85 vague.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Final Evaluation complete!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tallying results\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You have performed in the top 5% of sapients in this universe!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Elite (Universal)\u8217\'92. Title grants access to improved paths during path selection!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are both a Universe level Elite and have completed a greater feat of renown!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Elite (Universal)\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91Renowned Elite (Universal)(Tier 3)\u8217\'92. You will be able to select both an improved class and an improved profession during path selection as well as receiving an epic upgrade token at the start of the tutorial!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, uh wow. That seems really good\u8230\'85 but what the hell is a feat of renown?\u8221\'94 he asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feats of renown are what happens when you force the System to do something that should be, well, impossible or nearly so. They come in three tiers: Lesser, Standard, and Greater.\u8221\'94 She explained. \u8220\'93When you both forced the System to acknowledge your will was greater than the will being used to control the sphere and then completely shut out all the pain from the backlash that created, you performed a tier 3 feat of renown by pushing your Pain Resistance from tier 1 to tier 6 instantly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OH! That\u8217\'92s how that happened. I thought I saw that before I passed out.\u8221\'94 He nodded thoughtfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It stands to be noted that your skill only stopped at tier 6 because that was the force of will you pitted yourself against, because the System cannot express a will higher than tier 6 during an ongoing integration.\u8221\'94 The Guide shook their head as if exasperated. \u8220\'93You defeated a will five tiers higher than you, it should have squashed you like a bug.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What can I say? I\u8217\'92m a bit stubborn,\u8221\'94 he shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bit stubborn,\u8221\'94 the Guide scoffed, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s like saying the surface of a star is a little hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus chuckled and brought up his full status screen to see the overall what this last evaluation had done to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 147/147}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 605/605\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 126/126}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 290/290}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 12\tab \tab Willpower: 28.5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 13.2  \tab \tab Intelligence: 14.4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 14.85\tab Wisdom: 16.8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 13.2\tab Luck: 30}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Meditation (Tier 4) Level 17}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Athleticism (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Lifting (Tier 2) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Weapons (Tier 3) Level 22}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Perception (Tier 2) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Marksmanship (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Unguided Mana Bolt (Tier 1) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Logical Analysis (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Theory (Tier 2) Level 5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Telekinesis (Tier 2) Level 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Mental Focus (Tier 2) Level 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert Pain Resistance (Tier 6) Level 1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert - provides a small reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Expert in the Milky Way - additional moderate reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Top Shot - increases Dexterity by an additional 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spellcrafting Prodigy - increases the power and efficiency of all spells and abilities you create by 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Professional Problem Solver - +3 each to Intelligence and Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Iron Will - increases willpower by an additional 20% and using willpower no longer results in mental fatigue}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Will - increases willpower by an additional 10% and greatly reduces the suppressive effect of higher tier presences}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Indomitable - increases the effect of all forms of pain resistance by 150%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renowned (Tier 3) - massively increases the suppressive effect of your presence and willpower .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Greater Universal Renown - +20 Luck and increases all stats by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renowned Elite (Universal)(Tier 3) - gain improved class, improved profession and an epic upgrade token <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, that was a lot. And he was only in the top 5% of the new universe? He wondered what the top 1% looked like and if any of them were on Earth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose you can tell me if anybody else on Earth is doing as well as I have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot. However, it would be the height of arrogance to assume that no others exist with a similar level of talent, albeit in other areas,\u8221\'94 the Guide warned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been considered particularly exceptional on Earth before the System, just another medically retired veteran with a bum leg, a college degree and a small business. He hadn\u8217\'92t precisely squandered his life, but he\u8217\'92d certainly not done anything fantastic or even particularly noteworthy. Maybe he could do something more with what was left of his life. Which begged another question\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you said something before about increased mana levels extending biological lifespans, right?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct,\u8221\'94 she confirmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what does that mean for a human being?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The maximum human lifespan possible before integration was approximately 120 years with a variance of plus or minus 5 years,\u8221\'94 she began explaining. \u8220\'93That was, of course, barring injury or disease and assuming that the human had adequate access to food and water. After integration, disease is no longer an issue and non-fatal injuries will eventually fully heal even without medical or magical intervention. Therefore, a tier 0 human, one that did not adapt properly to mana at all, will live for 115 to 125 years barring violence or accident. Furthermore, the detrimental effects of aging will accrue more slowly than before integration as well, leaving them productive and healthy for the bulk of that time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that\u8217\'92s pretty fucking impressive,\u8221\'94 Marcus was surprised by just how much of an effect the System would have, since the average human lifespan of his former reality was about two-thirds of that. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mana adaptation will extend that lifespan significantly.\u8221\'94 The Guide continued as if he hadn\u8217\'92t said anything. \u8220\'93A tier 1 human will live twice that long, a tier 2 approximately four times as long, a tier 3 about 8 times as long and so forth.  It is a geometric progression as one increases in power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, so I should live between 230 and 250 years?\u8221\'94 He knew he was staring slack-jawed at his Guide but couldn\u8217\'92t help himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Your effective tier is increased by your mana core compression tier as you have a higher mana concentration in your body, and you aren\u8217\'92t human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He blinked hard as that fact sank in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So whats the tier 0 lifespan of a Dragonkin-Hybrid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Between 190 and 210 years,\u8221\'94 she replied, \u8220\'93which is a significant reduction from the 45o to 550 year lifespan of a pure Dragonkin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m effectively\u8230\'85 tier 3? And will live between 1520 and 1680 years?!\u8221\'94 He felt lightheaded at the thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Assuming you stop progressing in power at this point and nothing kills you, yes,\u8221\'94 she confirmed. \u8220\'93However, there is also a maximum limit to mortal power and therefore mortal lifespan. That limit is tier 9, which would equate to a lifespan measured in 10\u8217\'92s of thousands of years for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So no race can advance beyond tier 9?\u8221\'94 he asked, finally beginning to grasp just how far away the finish line really was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, anyone who advances their race beyond tier 9, simply ceases to be mortal,\u8221\'94 she clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, at tier 10 we become immortal? Like truly immortal? Can\u8217\'92t be killed? By anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. At tier 10 you become a god, and even gods can be killed; however, killing a god is difficult even for other gods and nearly impossible for a mortal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 so gods are real?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, for at least the last five billion years or so,\u8221\'94 the Guide smiled. \u8220\'93The System is unaware of any gods that predate System initiation and many of your world\u8217\'92s mythological creatures and deities are echoes of actual beings from one of the other 19 universes that were integrated into the Multiverse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But there are no gods in this universe?\u8221\'94 he asked, mind racing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she replied. \u8220\'93It usually takes a considerable length of time for a god to emerge from a newly integrated universe, and it will be some time before gods from other universes can enter this universe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Well that\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 good,\u8221\'94 he said faintly. \u8220\'93Are there a lot of gods?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That depends on what one considers \u8216\'91a lot\u8217\'92. Are there thousands of gods? Absolutely. Millions? Certainly. Billions? Probably. Trillions? Quite possibly. However, their are uncounted trillions of sapients in this universe alone, and trillions more are born every moment of every day across the entire Multiverse.\u8221\'94 She explained this patiently, as if understanding that it would be difficult for a mortal to truly grasp the vastness of the Multiverse. \u8220\'93Potential gods are being born every moment. However, not every sapient being can reach godhood, and even those who have the potential aren\u8217\'92t guaranteed to live up to that potential. Most who seek to become gods fail. And even gods can die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So there are more gods than can be conveniently counted, but very few mortals can become gods and most of those die trying and even succeeding doesn\u8217\'92t mean they\u8217\'92ll necessarily be around forever.\u8221\'94 He nodded as he let that settle into his mind. \u8220\'93So how can someone tell if they have the potential to go all the way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They can\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s part of why the System encourages competition and growth. To help sapient creatures fulfill their potential. Most will reach a point where they simply can no longer advance on their path, they will stagnate, grow old and eventually die. Others will ascend to godhood and still find a point where their power stops growing. And a precious few will reach the pinnacle of power and look beyond even what the gods can see. The path to godhood can take thousands upon thousands of years. The path to the pinnacle would take millions of years more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus closed his eyes. He had never been an truly ambitious man before the System. The only time he had ever even been particularly competitive was during his time as a soldier, when he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lived on adrenaline and pushing his abilities to their limits. Now, however\u8230\'85 Now he needed power so that he could protect the people he cared about. Now he couldn\u8217\'92t afford to be anything but driven to succeed. The way he had been during sniper training. The way he had been when he on a mission. The way he always was when everything was on the line. Because, ultimately, everything that mattered to him WAS on the line now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He needed to become a god. }}