{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I woke to pain. A slow, deep burning ache that began in my guts and then crawled outward. It seemed to inch its way through my body, like the slow ooze of lava across a field. It clawed into my dreams, turning blissful oblivion into a sliver of hell itself before it dragged me from the depths of my slumber. I became aware of the agony of it as I drew in a deep gasp, the cold air around me dragging down my throat like tiny shards of glass. My eyes snapped open, to no avail. There was no light to illuminate my surroundings. The only sound I could hear was the distant hum of electricity and a vague, low hissing sound somewhere closer. I moved spasmodically, my brain struggling to make my muscles respond through the haze of fire that seemed to consume my awareness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My flailing resulted in dull thumps against slick metal. I had almost no room to move; scarcely a handful of inches on either side, and barely enough space above me to position my palms flat on the cold metal surface above me. I drew in a second, deep lungful of the freezing air, preparing to scream, and was assaulted by an antiseptic stench. The cold, dry air rasped through my burning throat. It felt as though my esophagus was packed with a thin layer of fine sand that scraped everything raw with each breath. My voice came out not in a scream, but in a thin rasping croak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My ability to think, to reason, to try and understand what was happening, abandoned me. I begin flailing at the roof of this metal box, beating at it with my fists in a frenzy of panic. If I could not scream, I would make as much other noise as I could. As my panic climbed I began moving and kicking with my legs, my bare feet feet smacking somewhat feebly against the metal compared to my arms. The sounds reminded me of a fistful of change in a tumble dryer to my ears. It was agonizingly loud in the pervasive silence and felt as if the noise was driving spikes into my eardrums until I was completely lost in agony and barely aware of the frenzied movements of my limbs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no idea how long I was lost in this state of panic and agony. It could have been minutes; it could have been hours as the pain slowly ate away inside me. As the pain finally brushed aside my terror, I came to myself again and forced myself to take stock. I could feel the chill of cold metal pressing against the bare skin of my back, buttocks and legs. I was naked aside from a thin piece of cloth haphazardly strewn across my torso and midsection. Or had it been neatly draped over me and gotten dislodged by my panic?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where was I? How had I gotten here? Hell, WHO was I? }}