{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:09:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide stiffened and began explaining the final evaluation cycle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This final cycle will be focused on your willpower and ability to concentrate on a single task without distraction.\u8221\'94 She paused, clearly receiving information from the System. \u8220\'93In your case, this task will be complicated by the fact that you will need to use your mana control as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the test begins, a sphere of mana aspected to the concepts of heaviness and solidity will form just below the ceiling. Your task is to focus your mana control and keep that sphere from hitting the floor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume this will be harder than it sounds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most likely yes. It will be roughly akin to lifting a solid object with nothing but your will and your mana control.\u8221\'94 She nodded. \u8220\'93Further, as time goes on, the environment around you will produce distractions in an attempt to break your concentration. Any other questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happens when it inevitably does hit the floor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it will vanish and reappear near the ceiling so you can try again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And when I reach mental exhaustion?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you will begin the second phase of this cycle: resistance training.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Resisting what exactly?\u8221\'94 He asked hesitantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pain,\u8221\'94 she replied bluntly. \u8220\'93Pain resistance is the only passive way to test or improve willpower, a fact you should be well aware of given the strength of your will at this point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus groaned aloud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was afraid you were gonna say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He settled into his meditation position and focused his mana senses on the ceiling, waiting for the sphere to manifest. After a few minutes, he received a notification as the sphere began to coalesce. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning Final Evaluation Cycle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Current Cycle duration remaining 05:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Concentrating, he focused his will on the sphere, trying to infuse it with his intent only to find that the sphere resisted. Fuck! If he had to try to fight through that much resistance, his mental energy wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last long at all. He needed another idea. Releasing his will, he pushed his senses into the sphere, trying to understand it. Its aspects made it feel like a solid object to his mana senses. And he abruptly felt it begin to fall. It didn\u8217\'92t fall as fast as he feared it would, because it only had a semblance of mass rather the reality of it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He needed something to catch it with\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something else with a similar sense of solidity. He mimicked the feel of the sphere and envisioned a cupped hand beneath the sphere, holding it up. Quickly, he gathered mana into his imagined hand, infused it with the barest modicum of his will,  and pushed upward against the sphere. The hand was just solid enough and managed to slow the descent, but not stop it. He gathered more mana, increasing the solidity of his mental construct and increasing his infusion of will by the tiniest increments he could manage until the sphere drifted to a stop a scant three feet from the floor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Telekinesis (Tier 1) Level 1! Willpower has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Concentration (Tier 1) Level 1! Willpower has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He suppressed a grin. If this was all he had to do then this would be a lot easier than the Guide made it sound, he could hold this almost indefinitely. The strain on his willpower and ability to focus were so slight it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like he was expending any mental energy at all. In fact, it required so little energy that he was easily able to raise his telekinetic hand and lift the sphere back to the ceiling effortlessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which was when the sphere began to slowly solidify further and become heavier, gradually increasing the strain. He could feel his new skills improving as he both refined his mental construct to reduce the amount of energy it required and tightened his focus on the task at hand. And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when his concentration was further tested as he felt a sharp stab of pain, as if he had been very quickly pricked with a pin. The distractions, it appeared, had begun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So it continued for hours, the pinpricks coming in completely random locations at completely random moments as the sphere got heavier and more solid all the time. He gradually began to lose ground with sphere, as it slowly sank in response to his flagging mental energy. That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean he wasn\u8217\'92t making progress though.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Telekinesis (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Telekinesis (Tier 2) Level 1! Willpower has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Concentration (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Concentration (Tier 2) Level 1! Willpower has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Pain Resistance (Tier 1) Level 1! Willpower has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus grit his teeth and focused on pushing back. He had been pushing through pain and exhaustion with nothing but his stubbornness and willpower for decades. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to give up now. He hardened his will, refusing to bend to the challenge. Abruptly he felt his loss of mental energy slow considerably as will seemed to separate from his concentration. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You have learned to separate your willpower from your mental focus and feel them as two separate forces!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Iron Will\u8217\'92. Title increases willpower by an additional 20% and using will no longer results in mental fatigue.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Concentration (Tier 2) Level 6 has evolved to Basic Mental Focus (Tier 2) Level 12! Intelligence has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His focus faltered for a moment before steadying again. He appeared to have separated his ability to concentrate from his willpower, tying his ability to focus intently to his intelligence instead and improving it a lot in the process. Even so, he felt his renewed mental energy draining. But if his willpower no longer expended mental energy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 then could he overcome the sphere\u8217\'92s intent without exhausting himself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He focused on the sphere and gradually shifted his will from his telekinetic hand to the sphere itself, forcing his intent for it remain where it was into the mana it was made of. It resisted, but Marcus did not relent. Finally, just as he felt his telekinetic hand faltering as his mental energy was exhausted, the sphere gave way before his will and the sphere froze in place, as unmoving as his will.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You have overcome a willpower of a significantly higher tier than you!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Titan\u8217\'92s Will\u8217\'92. Title increases willpower by an additional 10% and greatly reduces the natural suppressive effect of higher tier presences.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Your ability to tune out both physical and mental pain has proven exceptional!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Indomitable\u8217\'92. Title increases the effect of all forms of pain resistance by 150%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Pain Resistance (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Pain Resistance (Tier 2) Level 20! Willpower increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Pain Resistance (Tier 2) Level 10 has evolved to Novice Pain Resistance (Tier 3) Level 30! Willpower increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Novice Pain Resistance (Tier3) Level 30 has evolved to Apprentice Pain Resistance (Tier 4) Level 40! Willpower increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Novice Pain Resistance (Tier 4) Level 40 has evolved to Journeyman Pain Resistance (Tier 5) Level 50! Willpower increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Journeyman Pain Resistance (Tier 5) Level 50 has evolved to Expert Pain Resistance (Tier 6) Level 1! Willpower increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Journeyman\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91Expert\u8217\'92. Title now reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below by a small amount.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91First Journeyman in the Milky Way\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91First Expert in the Milky Way\u8217\'92. Title now grants an additional moderate reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 5 and below.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You achieved a greater feat of renown before choosing a path!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Renowned (Tier 3)\u8217\'92, Title massively increases the suppressive effect of your presence and willpower.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are among the first in this universe to achieve a greater feat of renown!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Greater Universal Renown\u8217\'92. Title grants +20 to Luck and increases all stats by an additional 10%<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As exhaustion overtook him and he sank into unconsciousness, Marcus couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile at his accomplishment. [Getting dangerously close to a Marty Stu\u8230\'85]}}