{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:14:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The System notification starting the break between cycles broke Marcus out of his meditation. Thankfully, he felt almost fully rested, a feeling he confirmed with a glance at his stamina pool.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) has improved to Level 18!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 100/105<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He rose to his feet and moved around a little, still finding no lingering stiffness or pain after his exertion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what\u8217\'92s up with the last evaluation?\u8221\'94 He asked casually. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The final cycle of this evaluation will focus on testing your dexterity in the form of hand-eye coordination, perception, kinesthetic sense, and accuracy.\u8221\'94 The Guide answered. \u8220\'93A variety of targets will randomly appear at various distances and angles and for random durations. You will be required to hit as many of these targets as you can. You will be given a choice of tool for this test. The options are a throwing spike that will immediately re-appear in your hand after hitting or missing its target, a pistol crossbow that will instantly reload itself after being fired, a dart thrower with firing characteristics resembling a 9mm slug-thrower native to your world, or a wizard implement such as a wand or staff that is fired by pushing a bit of your mana through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will we be given time to get used to the tool we select? Or is our adaptation time part of the evaluation?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will be given 5 minutes and a maximum of 15 attempts to hit a stationary target at what is considered optimal distance for the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [tool you choose to familiarize yourself with the tools characteristics.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The Guide replied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93During the evaluation you will be expected to move around within the test range to help adjust angles and distances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93During that 5 minute period can we try more than one tool, to find what best suits us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If desired yes, but a change of tool does not reset the 5 minute period,\u8221\'94 The Guide waved their hand a table appeared in front of Marcus with the spike, crossbow and pseudo-pistol on it. \u8220\'93Wand or Staff?\u8221\'94 The Guide asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus considered for a moment before answering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Staff.\u8221\'94 After all, if he was going to pursue a path of magic, then a ranged magic implement that could also be used to hit someone seemed the better choice. \u8220\'93Would physically striking a target with the staff also count?\u8221\'94 he asked as that thought crossed his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide paused for a long moment before replying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The evaluation puts no limitations on how you hit the targets other than having to hit them with your chosen tool.\u8221\'94 With a second wave of its hand the staff appeared. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The staff was less like the quarterstaves he was accustomed to seeing in martial arts classes and more like a walking stick he expected a hiker to carry. It was mostly straight and smooth, but looked like a lacquered length of natural wood, knobbed, slightly crooked, and considerably thicker at one end than the other. Marcus hefted the length of wood with both hands. It weighed about what he would expect of a good, dense hardwood, maybe even a tiny bit more.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  [He tested it for flex and]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  found it stout enough that he could easily imagine braining someone with the heavy end without damage to the staff. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Focusing a bit, he could sense a complex mana structure within the wood. One that he believed was meant to focus and amplify the mana fed into it. With a moment of consideration, he pushed a bit of his mana out of his hand and into the staff. Immediately he felt it change into a destructive bolt of energy held stably in the core of the staff. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [The act of charging the staff to fire also resulted in immediately gaining a skill and a basic understanding of how the bolt could be discharged ]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Mana Weapons (Tier 1) Level 1! <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Familiarization begins now,\u8221\'94 The Guide intoned and sudden Marcus was in what looked like a gymnasium. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked ahead and saw a glowing sphere that was probably a meter in diameter appear about 25 meters away. It looked pretty close to what he remembered a sighting  range looking like when he was in the army. Following the information gained from his new skill, he pointed the thicker top of the staff at the target and discharged the bolt with a thought. What looked like a spike of blue-white energy seemed to explode from the part of the staff he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pointed and raced across the distance faster than an arrow would, but slower than a bullet. Only it didn\u8217\'92t drop at all over that distance, resulting in a glancing hit at the top of the target which deflected the bolt upwards and into the ceiling of the range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit.\u8221\'94 He murmured softly. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the maximum effective range of these bolts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Variable,\u8221\'94 the Guide replied, \u8220\'93dependent on the amount of mana infused. Approximately 150 meters per unit of mana expended, though damage will decrease over distance unless you focus on separating mana into payload and propulsion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded, his skill giving him some idea of how to do just that. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much payload will these targets need during the evaluation?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One unit of propulsion mana without a dedicated payload will suffice if you hit the target solidly during this evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, Marcus adjusted how he aimed before charging and firing in a single burst of mana and intent. This time he hit dead center, causing the target to flash brightly. He grinned and repeated the shot a half dozen times, intentionally lowering the staff each time to force him to re-aim each time.  There was less than a centimeter variance in the impact point, even as he sped up and aimed faster each time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Perception (Tier 1) Level 1! Dexterity has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Marksmanship (Tier 1) Level 1! Dexterity has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93That is impressive. Do you have prior training in some form of marksmanship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he replied with a smile, \u8220\'93I most certainly do. I was \u8216\'91Top Shot\u8217\'92 when I graduated the US Army Sniper Course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. That explains much.\u8221\'94 The Guide nodded. \u8220\'93One minute remaining for familiarization.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus spent the next minute firing several bolts while moving and adjusting for its effects before stopping. He could still feel the grin stretching his mouth. This was going to be fun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Beginning Final Evaluation Cycle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cycle duration remaining: 1:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two hours, and more than 180 targets later, Marcus slumped onto the floor, still grinning like a madman. His mana and stamina were almost completely drained and his staff had vanished, but he was more than happy with his gains from the evaluation in both skills and stats. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gained five skill evolutions, with three of them granting an additional point of Dexterity, and new titles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Beginner Mana Weapons (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Mana Weapons (Tier 2) Level 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Mana Weapons (Tier 2) Level 20 has evolved to Novice Mana Weapons (Tier 3) Level 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Marksmanship (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Marksmanship (Tier 2) Level 1! Dexterity has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Perception (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Perception (Tier 2) Level 1! Dexterity has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Marksmanship (Tier 2) Level 20 has evolved to Novice Marksmanship (Tier 3) Level 1! Dexterity has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You achieved better than 90% accuracy on the Dexterity evaluation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Sharpshooter\u8217\'92.  Title increases Dexterity by an additional 5%.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You achieved better than 95% accuracy on the Dexterity evaluation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Sharpshooter\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91Expert Sharpshooter\u8217\'92. Title increases Dexterity by an additional 10%. (This replaces the 5% bonus from the previous title in the series.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You achieved better than 99% accuracy on the Dexterity evaluation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Expert Sharpshooter\u8217\'92 has been upgraded to \u8216\'91Top Shot\u8217\'92. Title increases Dexterity by an additional 15%. (This replaces the 10% bonus from the previous title in the series.) <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus grinned at the name of the final title. It seemed the exact names of titles might just be adjusted a bit for the people they were awarded to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Current Evaluation Cycle completed!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Introduction time remaining:71:21: 59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Final evaluation in 11:20:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}