{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man sighed as he studied the auras of the assembled villagers and, more importantly, their children. If this was all they had to offer, then this was yet another waste of time. For more than a decade now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wandered Brittania, searching for what he knew would be his final apprentice, his final chance to pass on his knowledge of the Art to worthwhile successor. He\u8217\'92d failed so many times, in so many ways. Chosen students who were too weak or too ambitious or too prideful, students who lacked the power and dedication to walk the Path to its end. His was a hard road to walk but, to his mind, a necessary one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sweeping his Sight over the village one last time, he shook his head and started to turn away only to meet the piercing gaze of a young urchin as it peeked from behind a wall where it had been hiding. For a moment, it seemed to the old man that the entire universe trembled, for in that gaze he found what he sought. This child, for they clearly were less than a decade old, was pure potential given solid form. That gaze was defiant. Willful. Rebellious. Perfect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without turning his head, the old man spoke to one of his men-at-arms, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will be wintering here. Arrange it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The retired legionary that commanded his personal guard saluted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you command, Patrician.\u8221\'94 The man immediately trotted off toward the old man\u8217\'92s caravan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Infusing his voice with Will and Power, the old man spoke his next words to the urchin whose gaze he still held, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Approach me, child.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in near panic as the command slid into his mind. He didn\u8217\'92t understand the Latin words the man spoke, but the man\u8217\'92s Will drove the intent of the words and boy found himself walking toward the Roman even as he struggled to resist. Within moments he was standing at arm\u8217\'92s length before the man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man regarded the boy a while, holding him immobile within the web of his Will. The child was filthy, his clothing ragged, his body thin and half-starved. He likely didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak a civilized tongue, but that could be remedied. The man switched to the Brittonic vulgate of the region. \u8220\'93Who do you belong to, boy?\u8221\'94 The words were less a question than a demand, driven by the very thread of Power he used to hold the boy immobile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one, Lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man nodded. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected as much. The boy had the look of an orphan and a beggar, or a thief, at that. Holding the child fast with his Power, he turned to village headman that attended him, speaking in Latin once more, \u8220\'93Sell me this child. If he truly belongs to no one, then he must belong to your village as a whole.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taken slightly aback, the headman cast a calculating glance at the boy before he spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As the Patrician wishes, we could part with this child for a mere 3000 sesterces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ask 3000 for such a pitiful specimen?\u8221\'94 the old man scoffed, \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a starving orphan that will do well to survive another winter on your streets by his looks and lacks the education to even speak a proper tongue. I\u8217\'92ll pay 1000. No more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s young, and stronger than he looks, Patrician, surely 2000 would be more fair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man pursed his lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we were in Rome, perhaps he would be worth 20oo, but here, in the hinterlands of the Empire? 1500 and count yourself lucky that I am so generous instead of merely taking him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Realizing that the noble would be pushed no further, the headman nodded quickly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed Patrician. We thank you for your generosity.\u8221\'94 The headman looked to the boy and spoke in Brittonic to the child. \u8220\'93Tell the Patrician your name child, you belong to him now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a glare, the boy spoke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father called me Bel before he died. I know no other name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy had no father in this village, Patrician,\u8221\'94 the Headman explained in Latin once more. \u8220\'93He came wandering in from the forest two winters ago and has lived on our streets since.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bel will suffice for now,\u8221\'94 the old man said with a nod, \u8220\'93Any other name he needs he will have to earn.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man turned his gaze to another of his slaves, a Greek by the looks of him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demetrios, take the boy to my pavilion. Bathe, feed and clothe him. Have my medicus examine and tend to him as well. I want him healthy.\u8221\'94 The Greek man stepped up swiftly, taking the child in hand and ushering him away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man turned back to the headman, but spoke over his own shoulder to another of his men-at-arms, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marcus, accompany the headman as he goes to draw up a receipt for the boy. When he has done so, pay him the 15 aurei we agreed upon. Then seek out the praefectus and arrange for any supplies we need immediately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind him, Marcus saluted sharply and stepped toward the headman as the old man turned away and took a deep breath, drawing in the Power on the air. This village was unusual, with a powerful ring of ancient standing stones around two miles to the west and an equally ancient and potent timber circle less than two miles to the north. The old man could feel both monuments as well as the ebb and flow of Power between the two. He leaned on his walking staff as he began to walk slowly back toward his caravan, followed by the remainder of his men. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had finally found his new apprentice, and now he could afford some patience. He would suffer one last winter in this gods-forsaken wilderness, that would be time enough to ensure the child was healthy enough to travel and intelligent enough to learn. One more winter, then back to Rome to begin the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s real education. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}