{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as he read the last word on the screen, his Guide became animated once more and spoke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Introduction period. The Introduction will begin with a series of evaluations to assess how well your mind, body and soul have adapted to being infused with the necessary mana for basic System Integration. These evaluations will also allow you to get used to the changes this has caused to your capabilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first evaluation sequence is simple for a fixed duration. The mana density in this chamber will slowly increase. Initially this will allow you to grow accustomed to the increased presence of mana in your world. As the mana level continues to rise, it will allow me to determine your overall mana tolerance at your current stage of development.\u8221\'94 She gave Marcus a gentle smile, \u8220\'93While this may be a strenuous experience, please rest assured that all reasonable efforts will be made to prevent you from experiencing unnecessary permanent damage from mana overexposure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide, as that sank in. What constituted reasonable effort? And sure they\u8217\'92ll intervene to prevent unnecessary permanent damage, but that implied a level of necessary permanent damage being possible! \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not as reassuring as you might think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without responding to his comment she continued to explain, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This evaluation will repeat multiple times, with a brief recovery period between evaluations. Each successive evaluation period will last longer and reach a more intense maximum density. The goal in this repetition pattern is to increase your mana tolerance from it\u8217\'92s baseline through repeated exposure. Please be advised that once this evaluation begins, the mana level in this chamber will never again reduce below the new mana density of the region you previously occupied on your homeworld.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus realized they were essentially subjecting him, and probably everyone else on Earth, to what amounted to exposure therapy. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ramp up the mana level as far as you could tolerate it and hold it there for as long as you could endure it before edging it back down to whatever the new normal would be back on Earth. And then they\u8217\'92d do it all over again after you had time to recover somewhat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating first evaluation in 04:36<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It appeared there was no way around it. Marcus accepted the inevitable, sat his naked ass down on the cool tile, crossed his legs in a fashion resembling a relaxed lotus position, and closed his eyes. He began focusing on his breathing, starting through the breathing exercises he used to cope with pain, just in case. Depending on just how strenuous this was, this could very well be akin to torture. No matter how intense it was, or wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for that matter, he was pretty sure this was going to be a world of suck for a while.}}