{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus opened his eyes once again, satisfied that his mana pool was back to full capacity and he was ready for whatever came next. It was only as he stood up and stretched that it finally occurred to him that he last slept more than 24 hours ago, before the second evaluation began. He also hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t had any food or water for more than 60 hours now. He checked the time remaining until the next evaluation and his resource pools before pursuing the thought further.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:19:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 119/119}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 238/238}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 116/116<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, how is it that I haven\u8217\'92t slept in more than 24 hours and haven\u8217\'92t needed to eat or drink in more than three days, yet I feel fine and don\u8217\'92t see any detrimental effects?\u8221\'94 He asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once a sapient has crossed the first mana compression threshold, their body adapts to use mana as its primary fuel source instead of requiring sustenance,\u8221\'94 she answered with a smile. \u8220\'93You will only ever experience hunger or thirst if you are in a low mana area that is incapable of sustaining your core. As for sleep, meditation is an adequate substitute for sleep, capable of sustaining your mind for several days without needing actual sleep. so long as your mental energy is not overly depleted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mental energy? What do you mean?\u8221\'94 He was quite positive there was no such thing on his status screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mental energy is a combination of stamina and soul stability. While not directly tracked by the System, it is a measure of your ability to be alert, aware and focused on a task. As it wanes, you will begin to feel mentally fatigued. Only actual sleep will restore your mental energy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m more likely to need sleep after intense mental activity, whereas restoring the body is a lot easier and can be accomplished with meditation?\u8221\'94 He raised an eyebrow at the how backward that seemed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes,\u8221\'94 she agreed, \u8220\'93though that is an oversimplification. Even without intense mental activity, you will eventually run low on mental energy and require actual sleep. You simply won\u8217\'92t require it nearly so often as you once did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh, that\u8217\'92s good to know.\u8221\'94 Marcus nodded slightly as he considered it. \u8220\'93It will have a helluva an impact on civilization as a whole though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest break duration remaining 0:14:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initiating Final Evaluation in 0:14:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as the System notification popped up the Guide began her explanation of the upcoming evaluation cycle, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The next evaluation cycle will last for six hours. During this period you will be presented with a series of puzzles and problems to solve. These challenges will test your ability to parse and comprehend data and then use that data to make sound decisions.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These challenges will be widely varied in both scope and topic, but each one will contain all the information necessary to solve it. You are permitted to skip two challenges per hour if you encounter something that well and truly stumps you. Each challenge must be completed before you can move on to the next one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any questions about this evaluation?\u8221\'94 She asked finally, having wrapped up what sounded suspiciously similar to a proctor dispensing instructions for some sort of standardized test.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only one,\u8221\'94 Marcus replied with a wry grin, \u8220\'93if we encounter either an ambiguous challenge or a topic that we have no knowledge of, do we have any recourse for clarification other than skipping that challenge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide paused once more in that odd aspect that reminded him she was not a truly sapient being and sometimes needed to query the System. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Each challenge will have sufficient context and information to clarify any potential ambiguities. Also the topics of each challenge are common enough that encountering one you have no knowledge of and being forced to skip it should not be burdensome to anyone from your world with a modicum of education.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough then,\u8221\'94 he replied. Marcus had never found a need to really apply himself to his fullest during his academic career. Learning had always come rather easy for him, to the point where he had often found school interminably boring. He only hoped these would be more interesting than the standardized tests his home state had used.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Final Evaluation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Current Cycle Duration remaining 05:59:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What followed was six hours of the most demanding academic challenges Marcus had ever been subjected to. Tests of logic, complex puzzles, questions aimed at proving his understanding of concepts related to the System, mana manipulation problems, and even questions meant to make him commit to value judgments. It was one-part college entrance exam, one-part IQ test, and one-part personality assessment. He would deeply pity the TA that would have had to grade such a thing back during his college years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the time crept by, he could feel the mental strain and fatigue accumulate exactly the way his Guide had told him it would, which did not bode well for the later cycles if the rest breaks were as short as they had been previously. At least it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be a complete waste.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Logical Analysis (Tier 1) Level 1! Intelligence has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Mana Theory (Tier 1) Level 1! Intelligence has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Beginner Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 1) Level 1! Wisdom has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Current Cycle Duration remaining 0:59:58<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although, he was fairly sure that last skill meant he was technically not conforming to the intent of the evaluation, but he was definitely moving right along. Not that he expected any great gains in the final hour. Each skill had required hours to unlock and he was fairly sure that was the primary reason for the length of the evaluation. It seemed these sorts of mental skills were harder to acquire and advance without a specific path granting them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final hour consisted of the most difficult and complex problems of the entire cycle, with each having more than one solution to achieve the stated goal, with each solution having its own pros, cons, and possible side effects. He assumed this was intended to judge foresight and how much one would allow themselves to be inconvenienced to reduce negative effects on others. The only problem was, that given the stated intent of the System, Marcus wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure reducing the negative impacts on others would be judged as a good thing\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, mere moments after selecting a solution to what would be his final challenge, the cycle expired and he was confronted with a surprising notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Current Evaluation Cycle completed!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rest period duration remaining 2:29:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! For your performance on this evaluation you have been awarded a title!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Professional Problem Solver\u8217\'92. Title grants +3 each to Intelligence and Wisdom.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus grinned at his new title before crawling into the bedroll his Guide had provided at the end of the first evaluation and taking a much deserved nap.}}