{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>A moment later, Marcus found himself standing in a primeval forest, alone beneath a small dome shaped magical barrier. The trees outside of the dome were impressive, towering hundreds of meters into the sky, with many of them having trunks that were meters wide. The canopy above them wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the thick green wall of jungle canopy, rather it was the mottled green of mixed forest, dappled with sunlight. The temperature was comfortable, reminding Marcus of mid-spring in the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina, an area he loved to visit from his home in Fayetteville. The air of the forest was also still and silent, lending a powerful sense of isolation from civilization as a whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having gotten a feel for where he was, Marcus started to reach his hand toward the barrier, freezing the motion abruptly when he fingers began tingling.  His hands were still at least 30 centimeters from making contact, and the concentrated mana was already creating an uncomfortable sensation. Touching the barrier might not be a good choice.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Tutorial capacity reached!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5000 of 5000 participants remaining!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to your Tutorial!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the duration of this Tutorial, you may earn Integration Points (IP) by killing monsters and completing objectives. The goal of the tutorial is to collect as many IP as you can before the Tutorial ends in 125 days. There will be three types of objectives within the Tutorial: Fixed Objectives, Weekly Objectives, and Hidden Objectives. Fixed Objectives are universal for all participants. They are always available and award points each time they are completed. Weekly Objectives are randomly generated every five days and are only available to complete until the next set is generated. Some Weekly Objectives may be able to be repeated for additional points, others may not. Hidden Objectives are scattered throughout the Tutorial area, only to be revealed when you discover them. Hidden objectives may be more complex and difficult than other objectives within the Tutorial and are therefore the most rewarding. Many hidden objectives are unique, meaning that only one person or group can complete it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Additional rules: }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Participants may form teams to work collaboratively during this Tutorial. Such teams will share IP evenly between all members.  }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some dungeons within the Tutorial will restrict the number of participants on a team such that an entire team may not enter together. When this occurs, only the participating team members will get IP for the dungeon.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Killing another Tutorial participant who is or has been a part of your own group within the last 24 hours will result in an IP penalty for all who meet the criteria and participate in the fight. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Killing other Tutorial participants who either were never a part of your group, or who left your group at least 24 hours ago, will award you 1/2 half the deceased participants accumulated IP. This will be divided according to contribution among all who assist in the kill.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All creatures within the tutorial will award IP based on their Tier and Level. The stronger the foe slain, the more IP it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s death will award. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fixed Objectives for the Tutorial:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill elites, alphas, and bosses within the Tutorial}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complete Dungeons within the Tutorial}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Find Secrets and Legacies within the Tutorial }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Acquire hidden treasures within the Tutorial}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weekly Objectives for the Week 1 (04:23:59:59 remaining to complete)}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill 100 beasts (0/100 complete)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Find and complete your first dungeon (0/1 complete)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Survive first 48 hours of the Tutorial (47:59:59 remaining for completion)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earn 100,000 tutorial points (0/100,000 earned) (Solo Objective)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 End the week in top 100 IP scores (Currently 5000 of 5000 (tied with 5000 participants) )}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Removing containment barriers\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Tutorial Duration remaining 124:23:59:59.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus felt the mana in the barrier melt away, dissolving into the thick, ambient mana of the forest. Taking a long moment, he stood unmoving and just listened to the world around him. No animal sounds, no wind swaying the trees. Nothing. If anything living was nearby, it was as motionless as he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moving cautiously to the trunk of a tree that would make a Californian Sequoia look slender, Marcus laid his hand on the bark softly before flexing his fingers and driving his sharp talons into the tree. It was less difficult than he had feared. Concerned the wood might be too soft for what he intended, he pulled on the tree, attempting to rip away a chuck of the trunk. It was like trying to pry a out a brick mortared into a wall with nothing but his fingertips. He could easily use his claws to scale the tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Releasing his grip, Marcus removed his sandals and secured them in his sling bag before slipping his staff through a set of leather straps and buckles that he tightened around it. He flung his cloak back behind his shoulders to free his arms. Using the talons on both his fingers and toes, he began climbing up the tree with the same ease one might see from a squirrel.  He was scarcely a few meters off the ground when the first System notification appeared.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Skill Learned: Natural climbing (Tier 2)!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, nice to see the System is going to acknowledge the skills we already have,\u8221\'94 he muttered to himself as he climbed. He tried to pay extra attention to his senses of hearing and smell as he climbed, hoping they might give him some warning if he was heading into the path of an arboreal ambush predator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [No warnings outside, but] when he was around 100 meters up, he sensed something }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1\ul\ulc0 inside}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the tree. There seemed to be a magical container of some kind, tucked into the tree itself. Looking around, he saw a dark hollow at a point on the trunk just above where a stout branch emerged from the tree. With a slight shift of his path, Marcus pulled himself around the tree and up to the branch in question. Sure enough, he found what could charitably be called a hollow in the tree. It much more resembled a small open cavern in the trunk, and within that shadowed tree-cave he saw what he could only call a magical chest. It was made of metal, studded with sparkling stones and radiating strong mana. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Examining the box, Marcus realized he could only sense the mana in the structure of the metal itself. The box was completely shielding what was inside it. [awkward wording, but you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll fix it ;) ][He focused on the box, studying it closer and using his knowledge of magical theory to understand what its enchantment was doing for a few long minutes. He discovered that it was merely a concealment and locking enchantment.] All it would take to open in was placing his hand on the book and infusing some of his own mana. He started to reach toward it, but froze. [suddenly remembered crucial ability; looking at box like it\u8217\'92s a bomb? ; used \u8220\'93Identify\u8221\'94]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Rare Tutorial Treasure Chest (Tier 1) - Contains a useful item or items of Rare quality usable only by Tutorial participants. Open by infusing with mana to receive contents. (Considered as Rare Tier 1 hidden treasure for objective purposes.)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, well, well. That was a good start. Barely a few minutes in and he was about to complete a Fixed objective. Marcus laid his hand on the box and pushed a small amount of his mana into it. The box opened with a loud click that broke the silence around him and startled him into jerking his hand back. He could sense a mana dense object inside the box, as the protective mana dissipated back into the world around him, its purpose completed. Inside the box, he found a metal torc comprised of twisted strands of different metals woven into an intricate cable shaped like a horseshoe. Each end was capped with a stylized talon, apparently carved from some kind of milky colored crystal. [He used \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Identify\u8221\'94 again.]<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Rare Heirloom Draconic Torc (Tier 1) - Increases meditation effectiveness by one tier. Grants wearer ability to sense Draconic treasures within a range determined by Wisdom and Mana Senses.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He settled the torc around his neck against his skin and felt it absorb a small amount of his mana to activate its effects. No sooner had he done so, when he received a series of System notifications:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! You have been awarded 1600 IP for completing objective \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Acquire hidden treasures\u8217\'92 with a Rare Tier 1 treasure}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You gain Path experience! You gain Class experience!   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You found the first hidden treasure in the Tutorial within the first hour! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Natural Treasure Hunter\u8217\'92. Title increases sensitivity and range of all special senses by one full Tier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You have gained the first unique title in your Tutorial.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Better lucky than good\u8217\'92. Title grants +10 Luck, +10% to Luck, and doubles the effectiveness of the Luck stat.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well now, that seemed like a pretty good IP award. The gains to experience for his Path and Class also proved that magical study and learning secrets were going to help him progress. That made his new Treasure Hunter title even more valuable, as it would help him sense more treasure boxes. And the bumps to his Luck stat from the newest title just made him smile. Who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want better Luck after all? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus turned his attention back to the chest itself, only to see it fade out of existence completely. With a shake of his head, he slipped out of the tree cave and continued his climb, keeping all of his senses, including his magical ones, alert for anything out of the ordinary. Eventually he managed to exit through the top of the canopy and survey the forest as he intended without sensing any other anomalies.  The forest spread out around him for as far as his eyes could see. The uneven canopy top suggesting that the terrain itself raised and dipped throughout the forest, and the handful of breaks and openings he could see spoke to clearings and hopefully some water sources scattered about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a bearing on what he believed to be the nearest clearing, he fixed the direction in his mind and began a careful descent down the tree trunk. He dropped quietly the last few meters to the ground and spent several long minutes studying his surroundings again carefully. He reached out with all of his senses this time, as he had while he was climbing the tree, but found nothing of note. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus carefully slipped his staff off his sling bag and settled his cloak back around him. He moved slowly and carefully through the woods, skirting the denser patches of underbrush and stopping briefly to examine every game trail he came across for signs of recent passage. Within an hour or so, he had acquired two new skills and a solid handful of improvements to his mana control. Apparently keeping his magical senses spread out like this was pushing his mana control skill to improve rapidly.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Skill learned: Stealth (General) (Tier 2)!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill learned: Tracking (General) (Tier 1)!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was well into his third hour of picking his way through the forest when he heard the first sounds of something other than himself. The noise reminded him of a cat sharpening its claws against a tree, if the cat was at least the size of a golden retriever. Marcus moved very carefully toward the sound, meaning to try and catch a glimpse of what was making it. An idea of the kinds of animals he might encounter would be welcome at this point after all. After a few more minutes of cautious movement he was peering through the undergrowth at a massive black badger with a wide gray and brown stripe that stretched from the top of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head down its entire body busily digging out a large hollow in one of the massive trees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to be kidding me,\u8221\'94 Marcus whispered to himself before identifying the animal to be sure his eyes weren\u8217\'92t deceiving him.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Juvenile Forest Ratel (Tier 1) Level 3 <!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a fucking Honey Badger. Only this monster was at least three times larger than any such animal he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen on any of the nature programs he used to enjoy watching with his daughter when she was young. The smaller versions of this thing in his former reality were quite dangerous enough; at this size he was pretty sure anything it caught was on its menu, including Marcus himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moving as slowly and quietly as he could manage, he eased back away from the beast, counting on the noise of its burrowing to cover any incidental noise he caused. It had three levels on him and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather not be forced into a fight unprepared. Abruptly he heard the creature cease burrowing and begin snuffling around. He\u8217\'92d gotten too close and it had picked up his scent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later it burst through the undergrowth, barreling straight toward him like a bad-tempered, furry missile made of muscle, teeth and claws.  Instantly, Marcus flicked his staff up and activated his mana barrier to defend himself. The animal slammed into it like a small truck, causing the barrier to ripple as it pulled Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mana into itself to stave off the impact. His Mana pool had dropped by a quarter from the first hit! Instantly he dropped 10 of his free points into Wisdom to bolster his mana pool by 100 points. Using the staff to help reduce the cost of maintaining the barrier, he used his free hand to activate his Mana Bolt skill, pumping as much mana as it would hold into the projectile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shaking off the momentary daze from running headlong into an invisible barrier, the giant badger began attacking the barrier with its claws, trying to smash its way through to its intended prey. The mana drain from the barrier was enough to drop Marcus to his knees and almost cost him the mana bolt he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d conjured. His mana pool dropped precipitously under the assault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a momentary burst of his will, Marcus slammed the barrier forward into the badger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout as hard as he could, surprising it and dazing it for the barest moment before the barrier shattered completely. Marcus didn\u8217\'92t hesitate, trusting his understanding of the bolt and the marksmanship skills he\u8217\'92d spent so much time honing in the military, he sent the bolt through the badgers left eye. It crossed the short distance like a blaster bolt in a science fiction movie. Physically, the mana bolt resembled a brightly glowing throwing spike with a wickedly sharp point and passed through the eye and into the badger\u8217\'92s brain almost without resistance. And then the bolt exploded from the amount of destructive energy poured into it, converting the badger\u8217\'92s entire head into a spray of fine red mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus collapsed backward, his mana pool empty and his head pounding from expending so much energy in such a short period of time. On the plus side, however, the System notifications made it seem worth the brief bout of desperate struggle for survival.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Mana Control (Class) (Tier 1) has evolved to Mana Control (Class) (Tier 2)! +1 Wisdom point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Bolt (Class) (Tier 1) has evolved to Explosive Mana Spike (Class) (Tier 2)! +1 Intelligence point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Skill Learned: Marksmanship (General) Tier 2! +2 Dexterity points }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Barrier (Class) (Tier 1) has evolved to Mana Barrier (Class) (Tier 2)! +1 Willpower point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have slain Juvenile Forest Ratel (Tier 1) Level 3! Path experience awarded! Class experience awarded! Bonus experience awarded for killing an enemy of higher level than you! 40 IP awarded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: Seeker of Power (Uncommon) (Tier 1) has reached level 2! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown) (Tier 1) has reached level 2! Free point awarded!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Magus (Uncommon) (Tier 1) has reached level 2!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) has reached level 3! Free point awarded!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He felt the warm rush of stat increases, followed by the flood of renewed mana and stamina from his increased stats and level. It seemed that his Race Level was the one that must affect his resource gains as it was the one that awarded Free points for leveling up. It also seemed his Race Level increased by one every time his Path or Class level increased. He presumed Profession levels would have the same effect. Marcus finally opened his full status screen to see where he now stood after his recent gains.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}