{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bel watched carefully from their perch as the unexpected caravan of horses, wagons and carriages drew to a stop in the broad clearing beyond the edge of the village. It was too late in the season for traders, and the group had far too many soldiers to boot. Plus those soldiers had real armor and bore standards. Romans then, Bel decided. Strange that. Romans didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t often pass this way. Not since before Father died at least.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fascinated, Bel watched as the Roman horsemen (Cavalry? they thought that was what father had called such warriors), made a circle around the wagons and carriages. All of the mounted soldiers but one stayed on their horses, facing outward as if expecting trouble. The one who dismounted wore fancier armor, with a helmet that had a plume of what looked like red feathers atop it. He strode to the biggest of the carriages, one made of thick, heavy looking wood with a single door at the rear, and knocked respectfully on the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bel could hear words exchanged, but they were too far away to hear clearly, and only knew a few words of Roman anyway. As they watched, the door opened and a old man emerged, leaning heavily on a walking stick. The man was dressed like someone important. His heavy clothes were fancy and looked clean. His face was shaved clean and his white hair was short and neat, just like all the other Romans. Bel shook their head, wondering why Romans tried so hard to look alike and still show off that they thought they were better than everyone else at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they watched, the soldier with the old man nodded to something the white haired one had said and barked several words of Roman out, loud enough for Bel to hear the gibberish. In response, one of the other soldiers, a foot soldier not a horse soldier, banged his fist on his chest and trotted off toward the village. Bel never had understood why the Romans didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak Briton like regular people and had to be all special and use words that were so different. Roman sounded so weird, and some of the sounds were so hard to use. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bel frowned as the white hair called out to several of the not-soldiers, gathering up a few folks as the soldier with him did the same for some other walking soldiers. Then they all headed after the first soldier, only a lot slower. To Bel they looked kind of like a covey of quail that couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite figure out how to follow single file.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other folks--the ones left behind--began setting up a camp. To Bel it looked weird, as they laid out several big tents on the ground, but only actually started setting up the smaller tents and cook fires. It was like they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t decided whether they were staying long enough to bother with the big tents. Usually traveling folks knew where they were going and how long they were staying\u8230\'85 so didn\u8217\'92t these Romans seem to know that? Bel decided maybe they needed to keep a closer eye on that old white hair. If the Romans meant to bring trouble to the village--which Bel figured they did \u8216\'91cause Bel\u8217\'92s dad always said Romans was trouble--then Bel might need to hide a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bel shimmied down the tree they were in and headed through the wood toward the village.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bel carefully peeked around the edge of the building. These Romans were definitely trouble. Headman Caractacus had gathered every freeman and woman that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too old into the village square. That fat bastard had even managed to fetch up a bunch of the other village orphans and beggars, not that he\u8217\'92d ever even had a chance at catching Bel. They were way harder to catch than any of the others and had a lot of hiding places Caractacus had yet to figure out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caractacus and the old white hair Roman exchanged a few words as the old man climbed onto the stage at one end of the square. They were speaking in the Roman, so clearly the old man didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care whether or not the plebeians knew what he was saying, or maybe he didn\u8217\'92t want them to.  Though from the looks of it, maybe more of the village spoke some of the Roman than Bel had known.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, they quickly quit talking and the old man spent some while staring at the crowd, like he was looking for something. And he must have been looking hard at that, as his stare seemed to unnerve everyone it lingered on in the crowd. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was almost blank, his eyes hard as stone. Bel figured that meant the old Roman wasn\u8217\'92t finding what he wanted. So maybe they\u8217\'92d all be gone tomorrow or the next day and the village could get back to normal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, everything went sideways. The sharp-eyed bastard had seen Bel. Worse, the moment their eyes met, it felt like the whole sky crashed down to hold Bel in place. They could barely breathe, let alone move. And now the old crow was smiling slightly, of all things. Bel watched as the white hair spoke over his shoulder to the same walking soldier that had run ahead to the village.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the man spoke to Bel, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Accede ad me puer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words were in the Roman, and Bel had no idea what they meant. Which pushed them near to a panic when their own body started walking on its own, with no input from Bel at all! They walked up to the edge of the stage and froze again, this time while glaring daggers at the man. The man just studied him a while, making Bel increasingly uncomfortable as it felt like he could see through to Bel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very soul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you belong to, boy?\u8221\'94 The man demanded, this time in fancy-sounding but perfectly understandable Briton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one,\u8221\'94 they bit the words off sharpish and meant to stop there, only to find their tongue betraying that intent, \u8220\'93Lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That just drew a smirk out of the old man and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 was that almost a nod? The old man\u8217\'92s gaze stuck him fast to the ground, even when he turned to speak to Caractacus again. Then the headman studied Bel a moment before the two men continued to chatter in the Roman like a pair of chatty crows.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a few back and forths, Caractacus spoke to Bel in Briton again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell the Patrician your name, child. You belong to him now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Belong? To that white haired Roman prick? Bel didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think so. Still if they wanted to avoid a beating, they\u8217\'92d best play along apiece. Still glaring at the Roman, they answered, \u8220\'93My father called me Bel before he died. I know no other name.\u8221\'94 It wasn\u8217\'92t entirely true, but he wasn\u8217\'92t going to give any bastard that sold, or bought, him any more than that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The men spoke a bit more in the Roman, before the white hair gave more orders to his people. After a few more minutes, a slender, dark-haired, olive skinned man who was dressed like a servant of some kind approached Bel and spoke in Briton, though with a slightly odd accent, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come with me child. Let\u8217\'92s get you some food and a bath.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if something changed inside of them, Bel suddenly knew they could move again, as long as they followed this man and did as they commanded. Fuming at the indignity of it, they followed along, back toward the camp he saw them setting up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}