{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The moment the last message appeared everything went black for the barest blink of an eye and suddenly Marcus and his group were standing a huge, primeval forest. The trees towered hundreds of meters tall, with bases that ranged from a maybe half a meter in diameter, up to nearly a dozen meters in diameter. The undergrowth was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 patchy for lack of a better word. In some places thick bushes and scrub stood as much as two meters tall, in others it barely reached Freya\u8217\'92s knees or was absent altogether. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The temperature was comfortable, reminding Marcus of mid-spring in the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina, an area he loved to visit from his home in Fayettesville. The forest was quiet when they arrived, their sudden appearance probably startling the local wildlife. Marcus closed his eyes and listened hard, looking for the sound of movement nearby or maybe running water if he was lucky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the team stood quietly around him, tense as they waited to see what happened next. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Weekly Tutorial goals duration remaining 06:23:59:59}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kill 100 creatures at least equal to your level. 0/100 complete.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Find and complete your first dungeon. 0/1 complete.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Survive 48 hours without losing a group member. Time remaining to complete: 47:59:59}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earn 100,000 total IP as a group. 500/100,000 complete.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Finish the first week as the top group. Current group ranking: 1st}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus opened eyes, having not heard anything nearby. He studied the list of weekly objectives. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it looks we\u8217\'92ve got a bit of a jump on the rest of the tutorial,\u8221\'94 he shook his head. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t hear any water or anything moving. I don\u8217\'92t suppose anyone has some kind of climbing skill?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the group shook their heads. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not surprising I suppose,\u8221\'94 Marcus moved to the base of one of the wider trees, bent over and removed his sandals, flexing the talons on his toes and fingers. \u8220\'93Time to see if these talons are useful for climbing then. Spread around this tree and keep a lookout for motion while I climb. Let\u8217\'92s not get distracted and get ambushed if we can avoid it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The others nodded and spread around the tree with their backs to the trunk. Marcus leaned his staff against the trunk, placed his hand against the wood and attempted to dig in with his talons. They pierced the bark with just a little effort, allowing him a good hand hold. He began climbing, finding it far easier than he feared it would be. The talons on his toes dug in from his weight and stabilized him easily. It was almost as simple as climbing a ladder.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! Skill learned: Climbing (Tier 1) Level 1!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Marcus spoke for the benefit of his team. \u8220\'93Now one of us has a climbing skill. I\u8217\'92ll be as quick as I safely can be.\u8221\'94 He began scurrying up the side of the tree with the same kind of ease you would expect from a squirrel or a tree lizard. He pushed aside the notifications as his climbing skill improved rapidly, staying focused on moving safely and quickly. Within minutes he was more than 200 meters up, and had disappeared into the canopy. The canopy stretched at least another 80 or 90 meters before the particular tree he was in emerged above the top of the forest canopy. It looked like the bulk of the forest ended around 300 meters up, with only the true titans of the forest extending above that. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus leaned back a bit, resting his weight surprisingly comfortably on the balls of his feet against the trunk. He looked around cautiously noticing what looked like a large break in the trees some distance off. The area appeared fairly flat based on the uniformity of the forest canopy height. He estimated his height and ran the math in his head to get a rough idea of the distance to the clearance. At roughly 300 meters, the horizon was around 50 or so kilometers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this was maybe a quarter of the way to the horizon he estimated\u8230\'85 so 12 or 15 kilometers away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He started to climb back down when he heard a commotion on the ground. Without thinking about it, he loosened the talon-grip of his hands and released the tree with his feet altogether, letting his weight drag him down, his finger talons scoring deep grooves in the tree to keep his decent more or less controlled in nature. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quiet, but it was definitely much faster than a proper climb would have been. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he was a few meters from the ground, Marcus dug both sets of his talons in once more and rapidly slowed to a halt from the extra drag. A quick glance around found his team facing off with what looked like a badger the size of a golden retriever. Freya had it tied up, using her shield to keep it from getting at Roberto who was behind her. Cassie was dancing along the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flanks, peppering it with jabs from her rapier which seemed to be having difficulty penetrating the animal\u8217\'92s hide. Roberto was tossing heals on Freya and Cassie when the beast got stroppy and landed a claw on one of the girls. India was trying to position herself for a clear shot without much success. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pulling one hand free from the tree, Marcus activated his Mana Bolt skill and channeled as much Mana into it as it could hold. He had a better angle on the fight than India and aimed the crackling bolt of power at the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, waiting for the right moment. It came a few moments later, when the beast lunged at Freya only to slam it\u8217\'92s snout into her shield and momentarily daze itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus released his spell which blasted across the intervening distance faster than an arrow but slower than a bullet. Thankfully the impact was far more impressive than either. The bolt entered the animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skull and blasted straight through into the ground beneath, vaporizing everything in its path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The badger staggered, wobbling for a few moments before falling over, dead.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Congratulations! You have killed Juvenile Forest Ratel Level 3! Experience awarded! 400 IP awarded for the kill!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Bolt (Tier 1) has improved to Level 2!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck me,\u8221\'94 Freya exclaimed. \u8220\'93If that was just a juvenile, I\u8217\'92d rather not meet an adult for a few levels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus descended the last few meters and dropped to the ground as Roberto chimed in, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No doubt. Those claws looked they could rip through metal.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good work,\u8221\'94 Marcus interjected. \u8220\'93You guys had the fight pretty well under control when I got back down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fucker\u8217\'92s hide was so thick I don\u8217\'92t think I managed to hurt it at all,\u8221\'94 Cassie complained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least you hit it,\u8221\'94 India replied with a frown. \u8220\'93The way it was moving I couldn\u8217\'92t line up a shot that wouldn\u8217\'92t risk hitting one of you if I missed.\u8221\'94<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}