{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My alarm clock jerked me awake with it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual wail, dragging me out of the pleasant dreams of younger days and easier times. I switched it off and pulled myself out of the warmth of my bed. Five in the morning is a rough time to wake up on the best of days, and I was pretty sure this wasn\u8217\'92t going to be the best of days. Rubbing sleep from my eyes, I pushed myself onto my feet and began plodding my way through my morning routine. After a cold shower in a dark bathroom, I pulled on the least dirty clothes I could find. Then I stumbled into my kitchen for a minimal breakfast of cold leftovers from my modest dinner last night. Just enough to quiet the hunger gnawing at my stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next I moved to the small, flat panel near my door to check the house\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s status. A couple quick taps roused it from sleep mode to show the levels on the power cells and water tank. The water tank was nearly full and the filtration unit was nominal, the heavy rains of the past few days having topped it up nicely. The power cells were deep into the yellow, that self-same rain having kept the solar panels from doing their job, so I quickly put the house back into sleep mode, reducing it to the lowest draw it could manage, to buy time for the weather to clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then I shouldered my hunting bag and slipped out of the house, locking the house up manually with my key, the old fashioned way. Outside I took a deep breath of the crisp morning air, tasting the damp that emanated from the woods around me. We were moving deeper into spring, and I could almost feel the chill receding. As I stretched and settled the heavy pack properly onto my shoulders, I took a few minutes to look around the area in front of my home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I had designed it, I had jokingly called it a hobbit hole, and I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really planned on it being a full time residence. It was literally built into the western side of a mountain in the Appalachian range. Windowless and recessed deeply enough underground that it was more bunker than proper home, it was self-sufficient and entirely off the grid. No utility connections, no obvious roads leading to it. Even the solar panels and water channels that fed rainwater and snow-melt to the cistern blended into the mountain side seamlessly. And it was completely invisible to aerial photography, whether infrared or visible light. Even ground penetrating radar wouldn\u8217\'92t get a clear view of it. It was the perfect hideaway. Building it had been expensive. Keeping it off the books and off Google Earth had required calling in favors and tying up loose ends. It had been worth it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The ground squelched with the rain that had saturated it over the last few days as I started off up the path to my first stop of the day, one of a half-dozen lookouts and hides I would check before the end of my day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}