{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus used progressive relaxation techniques for his weary muscles while he sat in the hotel concourse, people-watching before heading to his room. There was something uniquely appealing about the strange slice of the world that was a Las Vegas resort hotel and casino. Some people were busy throwing money away in the hopes of striking it rich. Others were just smiling and pretending they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hate their jobs as they dealt with stuck up pricks. He watched some couples and friends argue about who\u8217\'92s fault it was as they lost more money than they could afford, and watched others embrace in celebration as they won big. After about half an hour, he felt his phone vibrate with a text message and fished it out to see it was an apology from Craig, who asked for a week to come up with a counter to Jimmy\u8217\'92s offer. Marcus replied that he had until the day he was back from this trip to make a solid offer before turning his phone completely off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pushed himself to his feet, feeling his leg complain again at the motion. He leaned heavily on his cane as he made his way to a nearby VIP elevator and tapped his room card to the access reader. He once again thanked his own foresight for splurging on the VIP package as trudging all the way back to the main elevators definitely did not appeal at the moment. A few short moments later, the elevator door slid open with a soft ding and Marcus slipped inside. He tapped his room card on the inside control panel and slumped against the side of the elevator. The doors closed with a second soft ding and he felt the elevator smoothly rise up its shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled as the silence of the elevator car enveloped him, the first real silence he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d experienced in the Devil only knew how many hours. Then, after a scant handful of floors, the lights in the elevator flickered and died, plunging the enclosed space into complete darkness as the machine stopped dead in its tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell?\u8221\'94 Marcus muttered aloud into the darkness. \u8220\'93A power outage shouldn\u8217\'92t have killed the emergency lights too.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing up straighter and leaning on his cane, Marcus turned toward the elevator\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s control panel and began feeling around blindly for the emergency button. If nothing else, he needed to notify someone that he was trapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, what looked like a holographic computer screen appeared floating in front of him in the pitch black space. In glowing letters a message began appearing on the screen:<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>System Initializing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Attention denizens of the Milky Way: your universe has evolved sufficient sentient life for integration into the Multiverse System.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginning Analysis: Planet Sol-3 (Local Designation: Earth)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Single World Technological Civilization identified\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: Planet size insufficient for sentient population \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Terraforming required.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: Mana density insufficient for normal integration \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  local mana flow increase required.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warning: Local sentients not evolved for proper mana use \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  individual mana adaptaion required.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Compiling integration plan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assessing Integration plan effectiveness\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Estimating initial adaptation failure rate at ~10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Estimating first year Population loss at ~ 50 %}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Integration plan approved by System}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preparing Mana Adaptation process\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Adaptation duration 24 hours}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preparing System Introduction\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Introduction duration 1 hour}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preparing System Tutorials\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Tutorial duration 125 days}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginning Integration of Planet Sol-3 (Local Designation: Earth)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Please Stand By\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck?\u8221\'94 The words slipped out of Marcus\u8217\'92s mouth automatically as he read the messages that began appearing on the screen. The whole thing looked like some sort of boot up sequence. When he tried to look around for the source of the screen, it just stayed centered in his vision. And the whole message was just mind boggling. Multiverse System? Mana? Integration? What did any of that even mean? Was he losing his mind? Having some sort of weird mental break? Having a stroke?<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Beginning Mana Adaption\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Welcome to the Multiverse.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus had just enough time to register the two new lines on the screen before a sensation of falling overtook him. He was unconscious before he hit the floor of the elevator.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}