{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>The room Marcus found himself standing in was probably 15 square meters, with the plastered walls in pristine condition and painted with a series of intricate murals that seemed to intend to tell a story. The only exit from the room was sealed archway centered in the wall opposite where he stood. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only just managed to orient himself, when a System notification popped up.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Your weapons have been confiscated and your Identify skill has been disabled for this Challenge. They will be returned on completion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive (0/5 completed).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (29:23:59:59 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>He turned slowly, looking around the room more carefully. Three of the four walls each contained three panels of the mural, with only the wall containing the door differing notably. That wall, had only two panels of the mural, one to each side of the sealed door. Marcus strolled over to the archway, which contained a heavy metal panel that completely blocked the way forward. The front of the panel was engraved with dozens of squares, each square containing a single pictograph. He could feel the mana embedded in each of the pictographs and recognized they comprised some sort of control panel. Quite likely he would need to discern the correct sequence of pictographs to activate to open the door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned to the mural panel just to the right of the archway, expecting that the murals would hold the clues he needed to figure out the sequence. The first panel depicted a couple surrounding a cradle that held a newborn, so a representation of a birth perhaps? He studied it closer, finding a multitude of tiny details painted into the background. Frowning he tried to understand what he was supposed to see in the mural. He followed the murals clockwise around the room, studying each one in turn. Slowly he put the story together, realizing the tiny details painted into the murals were there to give context and background to the story they told. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The child had been born into a world ruled by tyrants, where slavery was rampant. While the child had been born free, his home city fell to invaders. He and his people were taken as slaves by the victors. The child grew tall and strong, they were popular with the other slaves and secretly began organizing a rebellion. The rebellion was impressive and widespread, but ultimately futile, being crushed by the tyrants. The final mural showed a new couple, being wed. It was clear that the murals were intended to show a cycle of violent rebellion against injustice that failed each time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus went back to the panel and spent even more time studying the pictographs and even the Mana imbued into each pictograph. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see a way to relate the abstract symbols to the story in the murals at all. So he made a second circuit of the murals, this time ignoring the story and studying other aspects of the murals. It was only then that he noticed what he had missed on the first pass. The story was a distraction. There were small symbols at the four corners of the frame surrounding the mural. He studied the symbols, only for his Lingual Savant ability to allow him to recognize them as numbers written in a language not native to his old reality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he moved around the 11 panels, he found that there were 11 numbers with each one appearing 4 times spread randomly across the panels. He studied the numbers for a long while comparing them to the control panel. He finally realized that the pictographs were another form of numerical abstraction, one more complicated than the alien script on the mural frames. It took him a while before he found the answer, finding the pattern in the numbers. It was a variant of the Fibonacci sequence that started from a different base pair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Once he had the numbers in the right order, he studied the pictographs until he could match one pictograph to each number in the sequence. Then he touched each of the 11 pictographs he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d identified in the correct order. Each pictograph began glowing as he touched it, until finally the door began grinding and lowering itself into the floor after he activated the final pictograph. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dungeon Objective Updated: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive. (1/5)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (29:19:26:17 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus pushed through the archway and followed the narrow hallway on the other side. He studied the strange markings on the walls carefully, unsure of what might be a clue to his next test. At the end of the passageway, he stepped into a well lit library, with two other exits, one of which was sealed off with a short pedestal beside it. On a long table in the center of the room, he found some manner of arcane device which had been disassembled into its component parts and scattered across the table top. He examined the bookshelves, finding a wide selection of texts and treatises focused on topics ranging from the History of the Multiverse to various aspects of Magical Theory. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He examined the other open doorway to find a small sleeping chamber with an attached bathroom that included a shower. On returning, he examined the pedestal and the sealed door. Marcus realized that the only way to open the path forward was to properly reassemble the device and place it on the pedestal. Only, to do that would require him to understand what the device was and how it worked. His eyes went back to the bookshelves and he suddenly came to understand the reason for the 30 day limit on the dungeon and went to work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spent several minutes going over the books on the shelves selecting the volumes he thought would help him with the task at hand. Marcus spent the next several days, studying and taking extensive notes in his research journal as he unraveled precisely what the device was supposed to be, the basic theory behind artifice, and how to reassemble the Mana construct that made up the magical heart of the device. He learned that the device was a Mana resonance key, a sort of skeleton key for magical locks. It was complex and painstakingly precise work to reconstruct and he found himself truly enjoying the challenge. In the end it took him a week to complete the task, but he was also fairly sure he could use his notes to create additional such keys with access to the right materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Placing the key on the pedestal, he smiled widely as the door slid aside and he received the System update.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dungeon Objective Updated: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive (2/5)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (23:04:56:38 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door opened into what appeared to be some sort of ritual chamber. The center of the ritual space had a series of intricate, but clearly incomplete interconnected ritual circles laid out on a raised dais. There was no other visible exit from the room. The walls of the room were lined with shelves and boxes containing ritual materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Understanding of the puzzle before him dawned quickly and Marcus moved to examine the circles more closely without disturbing them. He spent the best part of an hour studying the formation and carefully copying each individual circle into his notes, paying special attention to how they were linked together. Once he was satisfied with his work, he stood and returned to the previous room. He put away the research materials he had needed for artifice and began gathering what he needed for this new task. Soon books on ritual magic, magical formations, and more advanced magical theory were scattered over his work area as he began deciphering the working he was meant to complete. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his surprise, Marcus discovered he had a very good intuitive grasp of the concepts involved in ritual and formation magic. Within just a few days, he was able to reconstruct the missing pieces and knew how to complete the ritual. It took another two days of meticulous work to draw out and adjust the circles, correcting small mistakes as he went. Finally, after triple checking everything against his notes, he pushed his Mana into the formation and activated it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In response, the first circle began to glow, softly at first but growing slowly brighter as it drew in and focused the ambient Mana in the room over several long minutes. Once it accumulated enough power, the next activated and began building up the power it required, repeating the cycle with each of the five circles that made up the formation. Marcus watched carefully, using his Mana senses to watch for instabilities or fluctuations that might disrupt the complex working. Several times he used his skill at manipulating Mana to smooth out the Mana flows or stabilize sections of the formation that wobbled in response to natural shifts in Mana. It took four hours before the final circle was fully charged and the working began in earnest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Holding the ritual together was like balancing on a razor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge in those final moments, but with careful, methodical intent, Marcus let his own Mana, infused with his will, flow into the trigger sequence. Within moments, the Mana contained in the ritual moved. It raced through the carefully laid patterns like a wild river, straining to overflow its banks. The power moved and the world changed as a tear in space began to form over the formation. It swirled and shifted as more and more of the Mana from the formation flowed into it, expanding and stabilizing the tear, transforming it into a proper portal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as gate stabilized, Marcus received the next System update and stepped through the portal.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dungeon Objective Updated: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive (3/5)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (17:14:06:12 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sensation was decidedly disorienting. His mind swore he had traveled an incomprehensible distance through an eternal moment that did not exist. It left his head spinning dizzily for several moments. When it cleared he looked around to find himself standing on a small platform at the back of what appeared to some manner of laboratory. The worktops were strewn with the all the tools of the apothecary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trade: mortar and pestles, pipettes, alembics, mixing bowls and cauldrons, herb strippers, and a myriad of other necessities.  The walls were covered with shelves containing jars and vials of ingredients in various states, flower boxes with growing herbs, mushrooms and mosses, and cabinets containing who knew what else. At one workstation, a heavy leather bound book was propped up on a stand beside a half completed concoction of some kind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a single, open door leading out of the room, which Marcus promptly explored.  The adjoining room contained what appeared to be a research library for alchemy based on the titles he skimmed. Two further doors led out of the library, one leading to what looked like sleeping quarters with an attached restroom, the other opening up to a wide hallway. At the end of the hall stood a pair of heavy bronze doors engraved with the same dragons that appeared on the door to the dungeon. Just before the doors, in the center of the hallway stood a small obsidian pillar with a small basin inset at the top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus shook his head with a wry smile. At least the tests had been unambiguous about what he needed to do so far. It seemed like this time, he needed to the correct alchemical concoction to progress. Most likely the one described in that open text back in the laboratory which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wager he needed to reconstruct from a partial recipe.  Not that he was complaining as the last two challenges had significantly deepened his understanding of all sorts of magic and he was sure this one would further broaden that knowledge base.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned back and went to examine the open book in the laboratory. After spending some time reading through the information it held, he took it and retreated to the library for another research deep dive. This particular test looked to be a damn sight more complicated than the last two and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to waste. Thankfully he had always done well in chemistry classes and had all the research materials he could need. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (2:17:41:22 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus exhaled slowly as he carefully infused the concoction in his cauldron with his Mana to activate it. It had taken 15 days of trial, error and careful research to reach this point, and it was his third time reaching this point. If he failed again, his attempt was finished as would only barely have enough time for one more attempt which would leave no time for the final test at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Focusing all of his concentration, he infused the Mana as slowly and cautiously as his Mana control skill would allow. He felt the power within the brew gradually approaching critical mass and eased back on the Mana flow even more. He had learned the hard way that too much Mana would make the concoction explode and too little would have it break down into a foul-smelling, useless, black sludge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The concoction teetered on the brink for a long, incredibly stressful moment before pulsing with power as the liquid absorbed the Mana and activated. Marcus leapt back from the cauldron pumping his hand in triumph and shouting an enthusiastic, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93FUCK YEAH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After several minutes of jubilant celebration, he pulled himself back together, calmed down and ladled the contents of the cauldron into a set of empty potion vials he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d prepared. Surprisingly he managed 6 doses, which was the maximum amount possible from the recipe. That meant he had finally managed to get everything exactly right, not just close enough to work. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He put the 5 spare doses in his sling bag and carried the final vial to the basin. The concoction had turned out to be a powerful Mana disruptor, capable of degrading, if not outright destroying, any Mana construct it came in contact with. This particular version was reputed to be so potent that if it were ingested or otherwise introduced to a living body, the damage to internal Mana flows could cause massive damage and render them unable to use Mana of any kind until their pathways healed, which could take weeks or even months.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus carefully uncorked the vial and poured it into the basin, making sure not to let even the tiniest drop get on him. The doors before him glowed a soft blue for several long moments before the glow faded and they swung open silently.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dungeon Objective Updated: Pass the tests to unlock the Archive (4/5)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dungeon Objective: Complete the Dungeon within 30 days (2:17:26:02 remaining)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He strode into the final challenge room, ready to face whatever awaited him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}