{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus stared at the Tutorial Status panel. The twenty-eight days he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent in the Dungeon had translated to a bit more than twenty-eight hours out here. Worse, more than 250 people had died since the tutorial began. Of course, he seemed to remember the System suggesting a 50% death rate for the first year of the Integration, so losing a little more than 5% of the participants in the first couple of days might be within expectations. The Tutorial would like weed out the people who couldn\u8217\'92t adapt to the new reality pretty aggressively from the get go. He also couldn\u8217\'92t help but wonder how many of the dead had been killed by other participants. He knew exactly how badly humans could behave without the threat of punishment to shape their actions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at the entrance to the dungeon and was surprised to find that the doors were simply gone. The hallway now ended with a plain wall of homogeneous stone, unmarred by any markings whatsoever. Shaking his head slowly, he turned and made his way back up the stairs and out of the cave, spreading his senses as far as he could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once he stepped out of the cave, he felt a low pulse of mana from behind him. Turning back he found the cave was simply gone now, he saw nothing but the uninterrupted slope of the hill. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s definitely one way to prevent anyone else from finding it,\u8221\'94 he muttered aloud. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Judging from the light, Marcus figured it was mid-afternoon and began deciding his next step. He pulled up his remaining weekly objectives for this week.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Completing the Dungeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s objectives and being the first to complete a Dungeon this week had clearly given him a good boost on the leader board for the to 100 IP scores. Now he needed to hunt and earn more IP, to complete the remaining the objectives. Marcus moved to the top of the hill that had contained the dungeon and reached out with his Mana Sense, stretching it out to its furthest limits. Since his Mana Control reached tier 4, the distance he could perceive around him had grown quite a bit. Sadly, nothing of interest caught his attention this time, so he picked a direction and started moving back into the forest surrounding the small hillock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}