{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 09:59<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus opened his eyes as the Guide woke him from his well earned nap. He sat up and stretched, feeling much improved, but not nearly back to fully rested. At least his resource pools were full and he could string two thoughts together in a way that made sense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as his eyes focused on her, the Guide began speaking to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The next evaluation cycle will be focused on Wisdom. Since you have proven to be a prodigy in Mana Control and have already learned Basic Meditation, your evaluation will be unique to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide and he swallowed. He remembered quite well the steep increase in difficulty his final cycle had experienced in the first evaluation for similar reasons. \u8220\'93Okay, how rough is this going to be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will spend the first portion of the cycle on a complex mana manipulation problem meant to push your understanding of and ability to control mana,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93The problem will require focus and attention to detail, but is certainly within your demonstrated capabilities. After that, I will spend the remainder of the cycle assisting you with further developing and evolving your meditation technique.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t sound too bad,\u8221\'94 he relaxed a little. \u8220\'93Can you explain the mana problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can,\u8221\'94 she nodded. \u8220\'93Five mana spheres will manifest in the room, each with a different affinity. You will be given a short window to explore these spheres and identify their affinities. That window will end with a stream of mana being injected into the room. This stream will extremely dense and comprised of mana of all five affinities in randomly varying concentrations. Your task is to separate out the incoming mana into it\u8217\'92s different affinities and feed the appropriate affinity mana to each of the spheres.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A mana, sorting problem then?\u8221\'94 he clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes,\u8221\'94 she nodded. \u8220\'93You will be judged on your ability to correctly funnel mana into the spheres without absorbing and purifying any of the mana meant for the spheres.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Marcus\u8217\'92s eyes widened somewhat. \u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m not just sorting the five affinities for the spheres but also moving anything that doesn\u8217\'92t belong to the spheres through my core to purify it\u8230\'85 That is a bit more complicated since I will have to consciously monitor my own mana intake as well.\u8221\'94 He nodded. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s doable though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Guide nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This portion will end when mana remains that matches the affinity of the spheres.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:00:29<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus closed his eyes and pushed out with his mana sense until it encompassed the entire room. He sank into a semi-meditative state, with full consciousness directed onto the mana surrounding him. Within a few breaths he felt five intense points blaze into being within the room, each point coalesced into a brilliant sphere of aspected mana about 15 cm in diameter. The spheres drifted on the ambient mana moving lazily about the room rather than remaining fixed in place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [Quickly Marcus reached out and touched each sphere with his senses one by one. The first was like touching a red hot burner on a stove. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fire mana, though. It was something more than just heat or flames\u8230\'85 something brighter and sharper. It was radiant affinity mana! The next was sphere was easier, it tasted of ozone, like touching your tongue to a battery. Lightning affinity, definitely. The third was solid and felt like running his fingers through rich loam soil. Earth affinity, which meant he needed to keep it away from the lightning sphere or they would likely explode, discharging all of their mana violently. The fourth sphere was solid and strong, with a sense of\u8230\'85 being almost unstoppable. Force affinity, he was sure of it, which meant that sphere probably couldn\u8217\'92t be affected by any other sphere in the room. And the last sphere was cold, dark and hungry trying to absorb every bit of mana it encountered. Dark affinity, which made the whole thing complicated since Dark affinity would consume anything.] [How the heck does he know all this?]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With some gentle nudging from his Mana Control skill, he positioned the spheres around the room, keeping them separated and preparing for the stream to start. As he felt the mana stream begin pouring into the room, Marcus erected two barriers one of dark mana around the dark sphere and one of force mana around himself. Only dark mana could pass through the dark barrier, keeping that sphere from consuming anything but the stream of dark mana he would need to set up.  The force mana would block any mana from reaching him while he got his mana streams organized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mentally, he grabbed hold of the incoming mana stream, using his will to pass it through a sieve. He used the sieve to break the stream into its component parts, then began directing the individual streams to the correct spheres. Once he managed that, he infused each stream with yet more of his will, causing each of the streams to begin attracting mana of the same affinity. This caused each stream to begin slurping up any loose mana of its own type and drag that mana along with it into the sphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once that was finally stabilized, he turned to the final part of the problem, dissipating the barrier around himself. Then he began breathing in the mana that was not part of his streams or being attracted by them, cycling that mana through his core and purifying it. As soon as he was sure he had everything moving correctly, he relaxed a little. The difficulty here was setting up the flows and keeping the sieve in place. Maintaining it was like keeping six free-spinning wheels in motion, a quick touch here and there to keep anything from slowing or stopping and everything was good. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a small eternity of juggling the mana streams, the incoming flow began to diminish, signaling an end to the flood. This was the final tricky part, as the flow behind the streams began to slacken, risking it all falling apart. So he moved on to his endgame, wrapping each stream with the a thick layer of mana that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stripped all the affinities from. He infused this unaspected mana with a sense of solidness to prevent it from being consumed by the aspected mana and used it squeeze the streams. It felt very much like rolling up an almost empty tube of toothpaste to make sure none was wasted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the last of the mana from the streams was absorbed, he collapsed the dark mana barrier around it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sphere and let the sphere consume that mana as well before opening his eyes on his System notifications.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) has improved to Level 12!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Mana Theory (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Mana Theory (Tier 2) Level 1! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 2) Level 1! Wisdom has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus took a few deep breaths before turning his eyes to the Guide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now I help you evolve your Basic Meditation skill,\u8221\'94 she replied. \u8220\'93Begin by entering meditation, but try to split your focus to include my voice. If I have to intrude on you mentally to instruct you it will be more difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He closed his eyes and sank into his meditation, falling into the flow of his mana while forcing himself to also listen to the world around him. It took several minutes of effort for him to become aware of sound without losing his focus on his mana. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good, very good,\u8221\'94 he heard the Guide speak softly from what seemed like a great distance. \u8220\'93Now, instead of following the mana through your pathways, try to widen your focus like you did when you spread your senses through the test chamber. Try to feel all of your mana at once. Instead of becoming part of the flow, become one with the entire flow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Part of Marcus boggled at the thought. How was he supposed to become one with his mana? He had learned to follow the mana flows by imagining himself as a leaf carried along on a stream, something his conscious mind could wrap itself around to anchor it within the flow. But to become the flow? That was something else entirely. He cast around for a way to conceptualize it. Something he could comprehend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The idea hit him suddenly, dissolution! He flowed the stream until he reached his core once more and instead of continuing onward, he submerged himself in the core, feeling the energy coursing around him. He pictured himself slowly dissolving like sugar in tea. Melting and diffusing through his core. Being spread throughout his pathways by the flow until there was no part of his mana flow that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in. The feeling was intense and overwhelming at first. He struggled to both retain his sense of self and his diffuse state simultaneously. He groped through the sensation centimeter by centimeter, moment by moment until he began to understand. Until he finally realized he had infused his will, his intent, into the entire stream. It was no longer something alien to his soul, it was mere another part of him, like an arm or a leg. He could manipulate every part of it as if it were merely another set of muscles. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, like any set of muscles that had never been exercised, it was weak. He would need time and practice to exercise those muscles. To grow [stronger] and exert meaningful control. If he ever wanted to push his mana compression further, he would need for this particular \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93muscle\u8221\'94 to get much, much [stronger.] And so he began, squeezing the entire system with all of his currently feeble might, then relaxing. He repeated this process again and again. He kept at it until a deep throbbing ache began to build in his awareness and he realized just how fatigued his consciousness felt.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crap! He realized that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expended all the mental energy he\u8217\'92d had left on this process and began pulling himself back together. Concentrating his awareness back into a singular consciousness. Thankfully, that turned out to be easier than he feared given his exhausted state. Finally he opened his eyes blearily and crawled back into his bedroll before passing out. }}