{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So onto professions now I suppose,\u8221\'94 he said looking to the Guide. \u8220\'93How are professions different from classes again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Professions tend to be less combat oriented than classes, though there are some overlaps between the two. Professions tend to fall into three broad categories: crafting of some kind, influence and leadership, or knowledge driven, though their are exceptions and some straddle the lines between the categories,\u8221\'94 she explained briefly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, so\u8230\'85 things to fill downtime with,\u8221\'94 Marcus nodded. \u8220\'93Got it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is a gross oversimplification to the point of ridiculousness.\u8221\'94 The Guide rolled their eyes and sighed as they responded. \u8220\'93Many professions provide a path to power that can be as compelling as any class, while others supplement and enhance the paths provided by  classes. Relegating them to\u8230\'85 glorified hobbies is insulting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, that\u8217\'92s probably fair, but unless there\u8217\'92s a choice in there as interesting as the Prophesied Warmage of the Elder Dragons? Yeah, gonna be a little hard to be excited about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a resigned sigh, the Guide continued snippily, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shall we begin? Please?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He grinned and nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By all means.\u8221\'94 Instantly five options appeared on a screen before him and started going through them from the top. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aspiring Alchemist (Uncommon) - Your well-developed skills in manipulating mana and your impressive ability to analyze and solve problems have opened the doorway to pursue greatness as an Alchemist. Learn to create potions to restore your resources, flasks to grant you buffs, poisons to impede your enemy and countless other products as you climb the path to power this profession provides.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Intelligence, Endurance}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier: +1 Intelligence, +1 Endurance, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Class skills: Herbalism, Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Detection, Craft Potion, Alchemical Purification}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, not the worst thing he could have been offered. Marcus could definitely see the usefulness of being able to brew his own potions. It was a solid, low rarity offering. And the new skill every 5 levels was also surprising, since it took a legendary class to get more skill choices than that. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aspiring Artificer (Uncommon) - Your strong focus on magic and crafting spells opens the path for you to become an artificer. Artificers are the mad scientists of the magical world, crafting interesting and often unique items imbued with an astounding variety of magical abilities. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Intelligence, Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +1 Intelligence, +1 Wisdom, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Class skills: [Choice of Basic Crafting Skills], Mana Construct Theory, Anchor Mana Construct, Conceptual Exploration}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a low rarity class this one was interesting. It seemed designed to allow him to craft magical trinkets and objects to supplement his class which didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem as immediately useful as crafting potions, but Conceptual Exploration was particularly appealing. He identified the skill for more details.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill: Conceptual Exploration (Rare)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This skill allows the user to study the concepts within an existing mana construct in order to identify them and see how they interact with the construct as a whole. This process is slow and deliberate and requires constant access to the construct to work. Can help the user gain a deeper understanding of the concepts at play.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yep, that skill alone might be worth taking a profession. Anything that helps with understanding concepts was pure gold for someone as magic oriented as he was. Still, it was only a rare skill on an uncommon class. Maybe it would be offered by one of the rarer classes as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aspiring Magical Researcher (Uncommon) - You have committed yourself to walk even the most esoteric paths of magical research and will stop at nothing to plumb the secrets of the arcane arts. You do not seek the short term gains of creation, but a deeper understanding of very concept of magic itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Intelligence, Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Intelligence, +1 Wisdom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Class skills: Research Concept, Mana Construct Theory, Spell Theory, Ritual and Formation Theory}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus grimaced at this one. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t above doing research when something needed doing, but a profession focused purely on research with no intention of putting that research to practical use? That did not seem like a good use of time. Research for its own sake definitely had its place in the world, but Marcus was not that place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Aspiring Noble of the Dragonflights (Epic) - You walk the path of the true dragons and seek to lead the dragonflights to greatness in your wake. Your presence inspires those that follow you and demoralizes those who oppose you. Long live the Dragonflights!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Intelligence, Luck}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +1 Intelligence, +1 Luck, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Class skills: Leadership, Inspiration, Intimidation, Voice of Command, Subterfuge, Manipulation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After reading through this skill twice, Marcus still didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really understand why it was being offered to him aside from the obvious tie the class had to dragons. It was a politician\u8217\'92s class, and he was not and did not aspire to be a politician. So that was a definite hard pass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Prodigious Arcanist of Lost Mysteries (Ancient) - You walk in places untouched for centuries, among the ruins of lost civilizations and dead cultures in pursuit of secrets long forgotten. You study ancient and forbidden magics in a effort to recreate long dead arcana and recreate destroyed artifacts of lost eras. Part-archaeologist, Part-explorer, all magical researcher and craftsman, your laboratory is ancient ruins and your workshop where-ever you rest your head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Intelligence, Agility}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +1 Intelligence, +1 Agility, +2 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Core Class skills: Pathfinding, Trap Detection, Mana Construct Theory, Anchor Mana Construct, Herbalism, Craft Potion, Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Detection}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One Additional skill on selection, one additional skill every 5 levels<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, it seemed the system had saved the best option last. This profession looked to combine an artificer, an alchemist and Indiana Jones in tidy little package wrapped up with more skills and stat points than any other option with a neat bow. What kid in his generation hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grown up dreaming of being an intrepid explorer roaming through dark jungles and lost cities?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I select Prodigious Arcanist of Lost Mysteries,\u8221\'94 he said after a few moments of consideration. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Skill Choices available!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Select on of the following skills: Tinkering, Smithing, Woodcarving, Alchemical Purification, Conceptual Exploration<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grinning widely, that was the easiest choice he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been offered since he saw his class, \u8220\'93I choose conceptual exploration.\u8221\'94 With choice having been made, a sudden rush flowed through him as he gained the stat points from his class and profession and new knowledge slammed into his brain. The intensity of it drove him to his knees and left him panting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}