{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus indulged in a full and leisurely meal when he reached his hotel, spending more than hour just enjoying good food and the fact he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having to support weight on his aching feet and legs. And the food truly had been excellent, well worth both the time and money spent. While not completely refreshed, the relaxing meal had taken some of the edge off his pain, making it tolerable once again. He savored that feeling of a second wind, right up until Dennis Leary began singing \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m an asshole\u8217\'92 from the phone in his pocket, making him want to toss it out the window. He only had one person who\u8217\'92d been set to that ring tone for his trip, and he was sure that he would not enjoy this phone call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fishing out his phone, he injected forced cheerfulness into his deep baritone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Craig, this better be an actual, honest to god emergency or I\u8217\'92m going to key your Porsche when I get back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it, Marcus, that\u8217\'92s not funny! When were you going to tell me that Jimmy offered to buy you out? I thought we were in this together?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were. Actually still are since I haven\u8217\'92t made a decision yet one way or the other,\u8221\'94 he answered, \u8220\'93but if you try to say you\u8217\'92re surprised I\u8217\'92m considering it then you\u8217\'92ve been lying to yourself. You know damn well that my heart hasn\u8217\'92t been in it for a while now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought that was the point of this whole vacation thing?\u8221\'94 Craig countered, \u8220\'93You spend a week in Vegas followed by a week on a Cruise ship, you clear your head and get back in the game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or I spend those two weeks clearing my head and decide that what\u8217\'92s best for the business is selling my half to Jimmy and riding off into the sunset,\u8221\'94 Marcus shot back. \u8220\'93Either way it\u8217\'92s win-win for you cause you\u8217\'92ll either get a motivated partner back in two weeks, or a partner who\u8217\'92s transitioning out to let someone who cares take over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, stow that bullshit. You know Jimmy\u8217\'92s dead weight when it comes to dealing with clients. On his best days he\u8217\'92s half the closer you are on your worst days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then find somebody else to offer me more than Jimmy did,\u8221\'94 he retorted. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m tired, Craig. The world is turning to shit around us and I\u8217\'92m just done pretending to care about things that have stopped mattering to me. I\u8217\'92ll send you a copy of Jimmy\u8217\'92s offer, but if you or someone else doesn\u8217\'92t make a better offer than it than I\u8217\'92m making no promises. Just be glad I\u8217\'92m not entertaining offers from actual outsiders. But, if you call me again before I get back, I\u8217\'92ll accept Jimmy\u8217\'92s offer on the spot and you can fucking deal with it. I\u8217\'92m done talking about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus hung up the phone and struggled for a brief moment with the urge to fling it down on the hotel concourse and stomp on it. He breathed deeply, focusing on letting go of his frustration. Once upon a time, he and Craig had been equally and enthusiastically invested in the security consulting group they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d set up, but they\u8217\'92d ultimately had different standards for what constituted success. Craig had always wanted more: more money, more clients, more renown. Marcus, on the other hand, had wanted a life. He wanted enough money to live well, but didn\u8217\'92t need to live extravagantly. He didn\u8217\'92t need a Porsche and a McMansion, didn\u8217\'92t need the newest latest best in everything, didn\u8217\'92t need bespoke suits and a millionaire life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, Craig\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s marriage had ended in divorce specifically because he wasn\u8217\'92t providing those things to his wife, so maybe Marcus could understand some of the drive. Since the divorce, however, Craig had been impossible. The job had become his entire life, and he spent way too much time listening to podcasts and streams from big shot tech-bros and venture capitalist types who didn\u8217\'92t believe in work-life balance. Suddenly his business partner thought they both needed to put in 12 hour days 6 days a week to turn their enterprise into something \u8220\'93real.\u8221\'94 Marcus thought that was overkill. Even if he wanted to, there was no way their security consulting group was ever going to be a Fortune 500 company like Google or Amazon. It just wasn\u8217\'92t realistic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Letting out a final deep breath that totally wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a sigh, Marcus made up his mind. If Craig wanted to take a small, regional company like theirs and make them some giant national or even multinational concern, he could do it without Marcus. He turned back to his phone, typed up a quick email, attached a copy of the offer Jimmy had made for his interest in the group. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sent the email, put the phone in his outer cargo shorts pocket, and felt a weight lift off his chest, felt himself melt back into a calm state of mind. It was past time he put himself and his family first. Craig could figure his own shit out.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}