{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To my complete amazement, a few minutes later I found myself sitting in a quiet cafe, across the table from Death, with a large hot chocolate in my hand. We weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anywhere I recognized, but serenity seemed to permeate the place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94 I blurted out. It was like my awareness snapped back into focus after dozing off briefly. I couldn\u8217\'92t even remember how we got here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a quiet place to talk,\u8221\'94 she answered with a smile. \u8220\'93No one here will notice us and they make some of the best hot chocolate in this hemisphere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m dead\u8230\'85 what is there to talk about?\u8221\'94 My confusion must have been evident on my face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drink your chocolate and I\u8217\'92ll explain,\u8221\'94 she gestured to my cup and smiled quietly at me, with her eyebrows raised until I complied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was right, it was the best hot chocolate I ever tasted. Fitting since it was probably going to be the last one I ever tasted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 her smile turned a little mischievous as she spoke, \u8220\'93you created a bit of a dilemma back there. You simultaneously earned admission to no less than three different afterlives. It would have been four if Athena had any say in it, but the Greek pantheon\u8217\'92s afterlife is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Death waved her hand in a so-so gesture, \u8220\'93weird by modern standards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? How so?\u8221\'94 I couldn\u8217\'92t help asking between sips of hot chocolate, shoving down the sheer insanity of discussing my potential afterlife with Death herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t have anything like a unified concept of an afterlife\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 other than Hades\u8217\'92 realm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for centuries before they came up with the idea of the Elysian Fields. And even then the various sects never fully agreed on how one earned admission to the Fields.\u8221\'94 Death sighed like this had been a thorn in her side for millennia, which it very well might have been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see how that might make it\u8230\'85 complicated,\u8221\'94 I agreed with a nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But, as it stands, you\u8217\'92ve got a free pass to Valhalla, Tir na nOg, or Ersetu if you so choose,\u8221\'94 she smiled and sipped her chocolate, a twinkle in her dark eyes. \u8220\'93Or, you could choose what\u8217\'92s behind door number 4.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Door number 4?\u8221\'94 I felt completely overwhelmed at this point, baffled by the entire concept. \u8220\'93Wait, why do I get a choice for that matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You chose to revere deities from four\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 very different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pantheons and you walked a path that pleased every god and goddess you had faith in. Odin and the Morrigan came to blows over who was going to get your soul for their afterlife!\u8221\'94 Death chuckled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I choked on my hot chocolate. Or, I should have. I definitely inhaled some of it in shock, but none of the reflexive coughing and choking actually happened. Which kind of makes sense, since I was dead and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to breathe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94 I felt like I was saying this word too much, but suddenly getting a glimpse behind the curtain of the universe was a lot to take in. \u8220\'93So what usually happens with\u8230\'85 people like me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Normally, you\u8217\'92d go to the afterlife of whichever deity you considered the most important. But you didn\u8217\'92t actually consider one of them to be your chief deity, they were all equally important to you\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s why I get a choice?\u8221\'94 I asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you were a smart one,\u8221\'94 Death confirmed with a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why do I get a fourth choice? Shouldn\u8217\'92t I just be choosing between the three afterlives I earned?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you are an odd case because you didn\u8217\'92t fail any of the main precepts of the gods you chose to believe in. You died on your feet, weapon in hand, fighting your enemy, which pleased Odin and the Morrigan to no end. You fought not for fame or glory, but to protect those deserving protection and you fought smart, making sure that you sowed seeds of victory even in defeat, which had Athena singing your praises. And when it was all on the line, you used every weapon you had and all the ferocity you could muster, which very much suited the draconic versions of Tiamat and Abzu that influenced your belief in them.\u8221\'94 Her smile widened, \u8220\'93You had four times as many chances to fail or doom yourself, and still succeeded. You literally played with religion set on nightmare difficulty and won.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94 Gods above, I swear I must sound like a moron, but how was I supposed to react to that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which brings us again to door number 4. Across the entire cosmos, I rarely have to intervene to settle disputes among the various pantheons over who gets what souls for their various afterlives.\u8221\'94 Death finished off her hot chocolate and smiled at me. \u8220\'93On those occasions when I do, I offer the most interesting mortals an option the local gods don\u8217\'92t have access to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what option is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another chance. Another turn of the wheel,\u8221\'94 Death replied, looking smug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reincarnation?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but not here,\u8221\'94 she nodded. \u8220\'93Some local religions already do that and to be frank, another life in this world isn\u8217\'92t exactly what a lot of people would think of as a reward. You\u8217\'92d be reborn in another world. In a universe with very different rules from this one.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would I remember any of this if I took that option? Wouldn\u8217\'92t that just be agreeing to cease to exist and become someone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you would still be you. Your memories of this world and this life will be\u8230\'85vague while you grow up in the other world. Ideas, impressions. Things that might well mold you into a person with the same values and moral compass.\u8221\'94 Her smile turned sly. \u8220\'93Or maybe they won\u8217\'92t, maybe you\u8217\'92ll embrace entirely different parts of who you can be. However, it will be you under it all. And a time will come in that life where you\u8217\'92ll be given a choice: to remember Malcolm Cole\u8217\'92s life completely, including this conversation, or to let it all go forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It really was a second chance. An opportunity to experience an entirely different life in an entirely different world. Another life. I could make different choices. I could follow different paths. I could be something other than a tired cynic watching the world I grew up in burn to ashes around me\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay?\u8221\'94 she asked still smiling slyly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Door number 4,\u8221\'94 I answered with a sharp nod, before the darkness closed around me again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}