{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With nine hours left to until the beginning of the next evaluation, Marcus sat up and composed himself into a proper meditation position before pulling up his status screen once again. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [REST? Bathroom? Food?]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 119/119}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 6/198 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 9/116}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 100/100}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 11\tab \tab Willpower: 9.9}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 9\tab   \tab \tab Intelligence: 6.6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 13.75\tab Wisdom: 5.5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 12.1\tab Luck: 5.5}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Meditation (Tier 2) Level 19}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 81}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Athleticism (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Lifting (Tier 2) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Weapons (Tier 3) Level 22}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Perception (Tier 2) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Marksmanship (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman - slightly reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Journeyman in Milky Way - additional slight reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Top Shot - increases Dexterity by an additional 15%<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stats and resource pools had increased quite a bit from the beginning of the process and his skills list had expanded tremendously. He also figured that his title list was probably pretty good. Seven titles with around three days remaining in the introduction seemed pretty good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your progress has been quite impressive so far,\u8221\'94 the Guide stated as he closed his status screen. \u8220\'93Your performance thus far is likely to unlock some interesting paths for you, especially if you perform this well in the final evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assume the next set of evaluations will focus on mental attributes?\u8221\'94 He was pretty sure he knew the answer, but it never hurt to verify.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes,\u8221\'94 she replied. \u8220\'93It will put you through a series of tests and trials meant to instill some skills that will improve your mental stats as they develop. While these trials will be considerably longer than any of the previous evaluations, they will be far less physically demanding for the most part.\u8221\'94 The Guide tilted her head as she considered him again. \u8220\'93You will, however want to recoup your mana and stamina as you will need mana for the first evaluation cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded and began meditating to restore his mana and stamina. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining  11:03:43<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus submerged himself deeply into his meditation, losing himself in the mana flowing within his body. He shut off all of his notifications and just focused. While he knew time was passing, he was almost completely unaware of it. He felt the notifications building up as his meditation skill leveled and he could watch his mana core refill. It took more than three hours to completely refill his mana pool, which regenerated much more slowly than stamina. Even with his mana core refilled, he continued to focus on refining his meditation skills. After quite a few hours, he exited meditation and opened his last few notifications.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 5:19:59}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) has improved to Level 5!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) has improved to Level 28! <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With his mana pool refilled, he shifted his focus to another goal he had wanted to pursue, attempting to create a magic spell. He began by considering how the staff he had used during the dexterity evaluation had converted his mana into a destructive bolt. He had spent two full hours using the implement and becoming familiar with the construct within the staff. With concentration and focus, he began to gather up some mana and manipulate it the way the staff had. It took a long time for Marcus to figure out how to shape the mana correctly, but once he started to make progress it sped up quickly. As a crackling bolt of destructive energy coalesced above his hand, he received another System notification.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Unguided Mana Bolt (Tier 1) Level 1! Wisdom has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You have created your first spell before choosing your path!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have gained the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Spellcrafting Prodigy\u8217\'92.  All spells and abilities you create are improved by 10% in power and efficiency.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rest period duration remaining 2:09:22 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He grinned widely and sent the bolt zipping into the wall of the room where it dissipated without noticeable effect. He engaged the skill and a second bolt appeared instantly. This one significantly improved from his first, feeble attempt, though at a much greater mana cost. When he fired it at the wall it burst in a flare of destructive energy that left a slight scorch mark on the wall which faded quickly. He flung several more bolts as he further tested the ability before checking his mana.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Mana: 133/238<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without the help of the staff, each bolt he used consumed 20 mana after the discounts and boosts from his progress and prodigy titles. Clearly the enchantments on the staff to amplify mana were far more efficient than his method at this point. Still, he had his first offensive ability and had managed to create it entirely on his own. He was somewhat curious why the new skill had improved his wisdom though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why do things like creating a new ability or evolving my meditation skill improve my wisdom?\u8221\'94 He turned his eyes to the Guide as he asked the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I explained earlier, wisdom is linked to both your intuition and your ability to understand esoterica. The ability you created was not forged out of your knowledge of magical theory,\u8221\'94 The Guide explained. \u8220\'93It was assembled from your experience with the staff you used and you own intuitive grasp of mana manipulation, ergo it was a display of your wisdom, not your intelligence. Meditation is about introspection, and the form of meditation you have learned so far is deeply tied to your grasp of mana, therefore it, too, is tied to your wisdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus considered the explanation for a few long moments. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So if I had based the creation of this ability on knowledge I had gained from studying magical theory in the abstract, that would have tied the creation to my intelligence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if I used a different meditative technique, one not linked to my internal mana flows? That might also have a different stat tied to it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Depending on what the technique was focused on, it is quite possible.\u8221\'94 She agreed instantly. \u8220\'93Some martial paths, for example, have meditative techniques tied to the movement of the body through forms. Such a technique might be linked to agility or dexterity instead of wisdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes sense,\u8221\'94 he nodded in understanding. \u8220\'93So how you get to a particular destination is at least as important as the destination itself when it comes skills and abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for the clarification. I\u8217\'92d better get some more meditation in, I expended rather a good chunk of mana creating that ability.\u8221\'94 Marcus closed his eyes and settled back into his meditation, part of his mind already considering what he needed in order to create the other ability he wanted.}}