{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Congratulations,\u8221\'94 the Guide said with a smile. \u8220\'93You have chosen your paths. For your sake, I hope you have chosen wisely. And now for your final preparations for the upcoming tutorial.\u8221\'94 [[The Guide waved their hand and long table appeared before Marcus, laden with a variety of objects. ]][[Maybe the stuff he identified he gets to keep, after all? Or some of it?]]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pushed himself shakily to his feet, unsure of precisely how long he had to make these final preparations. Lying on the table he found a study leather rucksack with a tightly bound bedroll slung under it, a rune-engraved mixing bowl, a pile of dark green cloth, a leather belt with a sheath and a series of what looked like a dozen holders for slightly oversized shotgun shells, a dozen small glass vials the size of slightly oversized shotgun shells, a sharp, sturdy looking knife, two good-sized leather bound books with a strange quill-like pen, a second, larger pile of somewhat rougher, heavier cloth, and what looked like a long-bladed fighting spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your equipment for the tutorial,\u8221\'94 the Guide explained when Marcus cast a glance at her. \u8220\'93I recommend you start gearing up, lest you miss something and are forced to do without it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a sharp nod, Marcus stepped closer to the table and noticed something he had overlooked at first glance: a thick obsidian token roughly the size of a casino chip lying next to the rucksack. He grabbed the sack, noting that it was a sling bag with a wide strap to go across his body, and unfastened the flap and opened the mouth of the main bag. The he scooped up the token, dropped it in the mixing bowl and shoved the bowl into the bag. He grabbed the pile of green cloth and on looking closer, realized it was a long, sleeveless, over-tunic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting the bag down carefully, he quickly donned the garment which seemed to shrink a bit so that it fit him properly. Then he grabbed the leather belt and fastened it around his waist before regarding vials. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Potions?\u8221\'94 he asked the Guide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The red are vitality, the blue are mana and the green are stamina,\u8221\'94 she confirmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He quickly tucked each vial into one of the snug holders on his belt and then sheathed the knife on his left hip, opposite the vials. With a couple quick tugs and adjustments he settled the belt where he wanted it on his hips. The books and quill went into the bag, atop the cauldron and examined the second pile of cloth. It was a thick oilskin cloak with a deep hood, so he settled the bag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strap into place and tightened it comfortably. After bouncing around on his feet, twisting, turning and otherwise testing the way his rucksack was properly settled wasn\u8217\'92t going to get in his way, he donned the cloak and picked up the spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The spear was roughly seven feet long, with a broad, winged spearhead that was a good 30-odd centimeters long. The blade was made of a black metal with razor sharp edges and strong, sharp point for thrusting. The moment he scooped it, his mana connected with it and he recognized that it was a mana weapon, much like the staff he had used before, only it was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 better. Stronger, perhaps, than the staff had been. He spared a quick moment to identify it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Uncommon Heirloom Draconic Warblade (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Requirements: Tier 1 or higher Draconic Race or Dragon Fire (Tier 1) Level 1 or higher. Soulbound. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This perfectly balanced, razor sharp weapon is the favored weapon of the Draconic legions. It can be charged with mana to form a bolt of Dragon Fire that can be fired at will. Bolt may be overcharged for additional mana at the expense of a short cooldown before it can used again. Overcharging increases range or damage at wielder\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s discretion. Wielder\u8217\'92s skill with Dragon Fire increases damage and reduces mana cost of the Bolts.  Alternatively, the Dragon Fire bolt can be spread along the weapon\u8217\'92s blade and maintained for a miniscule ongoing mana cost, imbuing melee attacks with Dragon Fire. Additional elemental concepts may be imbued along with Dragon Fire to further enhance damage and effects.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Enchanted to self-repair if damaged. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Range increment: 300 meters<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was a helluva weapon right there. One he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d want to keep for some time to come, which prompted him to ask one more question before it was too late. \u8220\'93Could I use my epic upgrade token on this?\u8221\'94 he shot a look at the Guide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can, but I would recommend waiting until your tier has exceeded the weapon\u8217\'92s tier,\u8221\'94 she answered. \u8220\'93Otherwise it would be a bit of a waste as the weapon would remain tier 2.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Tutorial in 0:00:45<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is where we part,\u8221\'94 the Guide said solemnly, inclining her head to Marcus. \u8220\'93Good luck and godspeed, Warmage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 he answered with a nod. \u8220\'93I cannot imagine that I could have been better prepared for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Tutorial\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Ps::0>}}