{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green171\blue186;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dying sucks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's not exactly an original concept, I know. It's not even all that profound or anything. It's just a flat statement of subjective reality. I was dying and I was neither ready nor willing and I sure as shit hadn't made peace with it. But there are things we just don't get control over, and rare neurological conditions don't exactly listen to the opinions of those they affect. And now, at an otherwise healthy 40 years of age, I'd just been diagnosed with an invariably fatal neurodegenerative disease. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'Fear is the mindkiller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALS, or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, sometimes called Lou Gehrig's disease, kills off nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. It slowly robs a person of control of their body, paralyzing them a little at a time until it finally kills them. Worse yet, the disease is wildly variable in how it progresses. For some it starts in the muscles that control speech and swallowing, for others in the arms or legs. For me it started in my hands and feet. Some people experience cognitive degeneration over time; others die before it reaches that point. It is nightmarish. Knowing that the end likely meant being trapped in my own unresponsive body, slowly dying as I lost the ability to breathe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of that fact was utterly crushing. There is no cure. There hadn't even been significant progress in figuring out what causes it. In the end, I would just be one more victim of a disease that couldn't be prevented and couldn't be beaten, only endured until it killed me. And I didn't have a lot of time. Playing the probabilities, I had a few years, but my odds of seeing 50 were abysmal. The end of my life was looming before me and I had so very little to show for it: a failed marriage, a moderately successful career, a daughter I saw a few times a year, a pile of debt I wouldn't live long enough to pay off, and a long list of things I'd put off doing that would turn into painful regrets long before I finally died.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration...'}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That thought kept bouncing around my head while I sat, staring blankly at the wall of the hotel room, struggling to process it. I'd come to the appointment alone. I did most things alone, so that had just seemed like the natural thing to do. Now, here I sat, hundreds of miles from home, with no friends or family anywhere close, and I was dying, and nothing felt natural.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I fished out my phone on autopilot, tapped an icon and continued to stare absently at the eggshell white wall in front of me. I listened as the call connected and rang, then absently hung up without a word when the voicemail answered. A second contact icon produced the same result from a different number. A third resulted in a message about voicemail being full before the call disconnected. Apparently, neither my teenage daughter, my ex-wife, nor my mother had time for me right now. I was dying and couldn't reach the 3 people I most needed to tell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am dying. I am alone and I am dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I moved like a zombie as I stood up and tossed my phone on the bed. I stepped into the room's bathroom, stripped down, climbed into the bathtub, pulled the curtain and turned on the water. Within moments I was sitting in the bathtub, water pouring over me, my knees pulled into my chest, my arms wrapped around them. I was sobbing. I sat there, mourning my life and my suddenly looming death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no idea when or how I got out of that tub, dried off and fell asleep on the hotel bed. I remember crying and I remember waking up, but nothing between the two. I woke up feeling numb and oddly calm. It was that feeling you get when you've let an emotion run its course for now. When you know that the emotional anguish is still there, but you've exhausted your ability to feel it for now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My phone lay forgotten on the bed, silently mocking me. No message light beckoned to tell me that any of my desperate phone calls had been returned or answered with so much as a text message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am alone and I am dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought echoed in my head, ringing like a church bell. My heart thudded in my ears as the panic rose up again, trying to engulf me. It sounded like a drum, beating out the time until it would be done and the eternal quiet would take me. Only this time, I was too numb to panic; too emotionally exhausted to fall apart again. I closed my eyes. I still had options. I still had time, though not enough to squander any more of it on meaningless things. The logical part of my brain began to exert itself for the first time since I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d arrived back at the hotel. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I called the front desk and extended my stay an extra day. I would be in no condition to drive today and the goal was to stay alive, not to give up and die in some stupid car accident. Then I sat down in front of my laptop, opened my browser and started doing my research. This disease might have my number, but I was not going out without a fight. There had to be options. Even long odds were better than none.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cb4\highlight4 I spent hours combing the literature and getting my brain around the problem. It was a slow and exhausting process. I'm no slouch intellectually. I've never encountered a topic I couldn't generally understand, nor a concept I couldn't follow, but I needed so much background data I just didn't have. Biology, chemistry and the various life sciences had never interested me enough before to motivate me to study them. I'd always been about computer and data science, however, and I would put my ability to do research, organize information and assimilate it up against anyone. I would never be at the level of a truly expert specialist in a field other than my own, but with time and motivation, you would be shocked by how close I get in terms of understanding and knowledge base.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When my cell phone finally rang, I'd been working for hours and had started building the foundation I needed for the knowledge I sought. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 I glanced at who the call was from and it turned out it was my daughter.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I tapped the bluetooth earpiece I was wearing to answer it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey kiddo, what's up?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nicky replied with her usual sardonic wit, "Oh you know, the ceiling, the sky, taxes... the usual stuff. What's up with you?" Nicky was thirteen and was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 widely accepted as proof that cloning was a bad idea, at least among my friends and family who insisted she'd have to be a clone to be any more like me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Is your Mom around?" I asked, trying to mask my suddenly surging anxiety. "I've got some important stuff to tell you and it's not something I want to have to talk about any more often than I have to."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sure, she's upstairs working on something she claims will be dinner. I'm skeptical. You want me to go up and put you on speaker?" I could hear the barest hint of hesitance in her voice as she asked. The last time I'd started a conversation like this had been about the time her grand-dad, my stepdad Mick, had come down with leukemia a few years earlier. That had ended oddly well, seeing as Mick was coming up on his 3rd year since beating it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Is your stepdad there too?" I really didn't like Nicky's stepdad. The man was a classic, emotionally stunted, cis-het man and a pretty garbage human in my opinion. The kind of dad who thought of taking care of his own children as baby-sitting rather than just being a fucking parent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You kidding? It's barely 6pm, if he gets in from work before 8 or 9 we buy lottery tickets."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay then yes please. And if she tries to fuss, just tell her it's important or I wouldn't ask."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ooh, sounds dramatic." I could hear the slight change in her breathing as she climbed the stairs from her basement bedroom up the stairs to the kitchen. Then I heard the muffled sounds of her talking to her mother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nicky's mom, Amy, had been my first real adult relationship after I got out of the Army. I'd been in my twenties and nursing a bad-boy image after a couple years in the service. It was a whirlwind romance and we got married in less than a year. It wasn't until years later, after Nicky was born, that I realized she married me to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fix\u8221\'94 me, even though as a Psych major she should have known better. Nicky was the final nail in our marriage's coffin, not that I would ever tell her that. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 She was the only good thing left from that train wreck and even if I could go back and change any part of it, I wouldn't. It might result in a world without Nicky.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay pop, I'm putting you on speaker." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks kiddo. Hey Amy. Sorry to interrupt dinner for you guys, but this can't really wait any longer." I paused to gather my thoughts for just a moment and let the Litany against Fear roll through my head. The words always helped me when I had to do something like this. "You'll both want to sit down and brace yourselves, this is... bad."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment of silence was loud. Then I could hear them shuffling around and the faint scrape of kitchen chairs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, Tim," Amy was using her counselor's voice, so at least she had clearly believed me when I said it was bad. "We're sitting down, and you have our undivided attention."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, so there's no easy way to tackle this... you both remember that I was seeing another neurologist yesterday about the pains and numbness I've been having?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah..." I could hear the anxiety in Nicky's voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well I have a diagnosis now. I have ALS," I didn't try to sound upbeat or sugarcoat it. "It's a neurodegenerative disease that will gradually kill off my motor neurons. It will cause me to slowly lose any control over my body until I eventually suffer respiratory failure and die."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence reigned supreme for the next few moments, which stretched on for at least a lifetime. "Take your time to process it." I said as gently as I could. "Believe me, I know what a shock to the system this is. I've barely started wrapping my head around it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amy managed to pull herself together first, as a counselor she was probably better equipped to deal with this kind of bomb being dropped than anyone else I know. "What's the treatment? How long... how long before you start to exhibit worse symptoms?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Treatment is... mostly laughable honestly. It's therapy. All kinds of therapies to manage the symptoms. There are some drugs approved for use in treating it which may slow the progression, but they're expensive and mostly only modestly effective." I kept my voice as steady as I could, but the waver in it was both obvious and unavoidable at this point. "The average survival time with ALS is two to five years. About 25% live five or more years and up to 10% live more than ten. Stephen Hawking managed to live more than 50 years with it, though, so anything is possible."  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "As for how long before the symptoms reach a point where they're noticeable to someone other than me? No way to tell." I sighed. "The disease is famously unpredictable in terms of what it attacks and when during the progression."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So... what are you going to do?" Nicky's voice was soft and shaking. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "To start with, I'm going to research the living shit out of this." I firmed my voice up, trying to project a conviction that I didn't entirely feel. "Then I'm going to find and apply to every medical study I can find with promising research or results behind it. I'm either going to going to kick this disease's ass or battle my way into Valhalla trying." I swallowed hard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  "I'm going to live to see you graduate, Nicky. And neither hell nor high water is going to stand in my way." Even as I made the promise, I knew my odds of keeping it were poor and I could feel my fear scrabbling at the gates of my soul.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}