{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Path: Seeker of Power (Uncommon) has reached Tier 1! Automatic stat points allocated.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus felt a pleasantly warm rush after he committed to his Path, feeling his Mana pool expand as the System allocated his tier 1 stat points.  He told the System to bring up his stats to let him verify what had happened.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Vitality:  73/73}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 70/70}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 60/60}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 97/97}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Free points remaining: 10/10}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength:\tab  5\tab  \tab \tab Willpower: 10}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 4\tab   \tab \tab \tab Intelligence: 7}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 7\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 7}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 7\tab \tab \tab Luck: 6<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, his base mana pool was 10 per point of Wisdom, while the other resources must be based on more complex formulae. He held off on allocating any free points until he was more certain of how best to make use of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Congratulations on acquiring your Path,\u8221\'94 the Guide said blandly. \u8220\'93Because you were offered and selected an Uncommon path, you may decide if you want to select a Class or a Profession before the tutorial begins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between the two?\u8221\'94 he asked immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Classes tend to be primarily focused on combat oriented skills and abilities, getting far few non-combat skills and abilities,\u8221\'94 she answered, \u8220\'93while Professions are primarily focused on non-combat skills and abilities and receive far fewer combat skills and abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is either one inherently superior to the other?\u8221\'94 he followed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is an entirely subjective query with no definitive answer,\u8221\'94 the Guide stated flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is one or other going to be more useful in the upcoming tutorial?\u8221\'94 he tried instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you choose will determine the type of tutorial you are placed in, which renders this question nonsensical,\u8221\'94 the Guide replied, \u8220\'93Only 31 minutes remain in the Introductory period. Please make your choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, it seemed like the System wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to give out any hints in this regard, no matter how he tried to weasel around it. If reality was including game elements like Classes under the System, then it was safe to assume that combat and conflict were very much likely in this new world. Being good at combat seemed more likely to keep him alive long enough to learn a Profession later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will select a Class,\u8221\'94 he sighed slightly as he said it. He had expected being discharged from the military would be the end of his days in battle, but clearly the Multiverse had other plans. Immediately, he was confronted with another wall of text on a screen, listing the class options available to him. He started once again from the top.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Warrior (Inferior)(Tier 1) - Warriors concentrate on excelling in close physical combat through the use of armor and weapons, only using ranged weapons for opening strikes or when close combat is inadvisable for some reason. This is a basic starting class.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Strength, Endurance}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus stats per tier:  +1 Strength, +1 Endurance, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: [Basic Melee Weapon Skill of Choice], [Basic Ranged Weapon Skill of Choice], [Basic Melee Fighting Style of Choice], [Basic Defense skill based on Style Chosen]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was a very straight-forward class, focused on close combat. While Marcus had studied some martial arts in his youth and had as much hand to hand combat training as any soldier ever got in a modern army, he could hardly be termed an expert melee combatant. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Striker (Inferior) (Tier 1) -  Strikers concentrate on dealing as much damage to their enemies as they can, sacrificing defense for offense They rely on movement and use light, precise weapons to strike vulnerable points  This is a basic starting class.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Agility, Dexterity}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +1 Agility, +1 Dexterity, +1 free point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: [Light Melee Weapon Skill of Choice], Stealth, Sneak Attack, Throwing Blades<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another straight-forward class, akin to the common rogue class in most role-playing games. Great for doing damage, good at avoiding damage altogether, but not so great at soaking it up when they did get hit. Always a popular choice, but it was too early to decide.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marksman (Inferior) (Tier 1) - Unlike Warriors and Strikers, Marksmen specialize in ranged combat with limited close combat options, However with a defender to stand behind, they thrive, raining powerful attacks down on their foes. This is a basic starting class.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Dexterity, Agility}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Dexterity, +1 free point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: \{Ranged Weapon Skill of Choice],  Power Shot, Marksman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Sight, [Simple Melee Weapon Skill of Choice]<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An almost purely ranged character, likely wielding bows or crossbows, he figured, unless some sort of rifle-type weapon was available. A good class as long as you had someone to stand between you and the enemy, or you could kill them before they got to you. Certainly worth considering.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Caster (Inferior) (Tier 1) - A class focused on the use of magic spells, rituals and formations to defeat one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s foes. Often benefits from having time to prepare before a fight. This is a basic starting class.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Willpower}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +1 Wisdom, +2 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: Mana Weapons, Mana Bolt, Mana Barrier, Meditation<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The basic class for becoming some manner of wizard. If it played to the archetype, it would start out on the weak side but with the potential to become quite a powerhouse once advanced far enough. Another class Marcus was definitely tempted to take immediately, but  there were still a few options left to consider. He read on.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Healer (Common) (Tier 1) - Healers are a support class focused on keeping teammates alive and providing magical buffs to the people actually doing the fighting. Weak in direct combat, but not helpless. This is a basic starting class.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Wisdom, Willpower}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Wisdom, +1 Willpower, +2 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: Mana Weapons, Heal, Mana Shield, Meditation, Healing Theory<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In spite of the better rarity, and increased stats and skills, Marcus definitely did not want to be a healer. Tying his advancement to someone else like that was just not an option. He needed to be more self-sufficient than the healer sounded like it was.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Magus (Uncommon) (Tier 1) - Magi are true students of applied magic. Instead of just focusing on rote learning of existing magic like a basic caster, they also study the underlying theories and concepts of magic, making them capable of creating new magic for their own use. This is an advanced starting class only made available by your racial mana sensitivity, your stats and your choice of path.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Primary Stats: Willpower, Intelligence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bonus Stats per tier: +2 Willpower, +2 Intelligence, +1 Wisdom, +3 free points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Initial Class Skills: Mana Weapons, Magical Theory, Mana Control, Mana Bolt, Mana Barrier, Meditation<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And a class that was only available because he met some vague special requirements and chose a particular path. It gave more stats and skills than even the healer class and was clearly superior to anything else he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been offered. Plus, it focused on magic, which definitely suited his personal preferences. It seemed the System liked to save the best for last.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I choose Magus,\u8221\'94 he committed to the class before he could start overthinking his choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}