{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Drakon Confederacy appears to outsiders to be a loose conglomerate of allied states each ruled by a singular Dragon-King. The reality is, however somewhat more complex. The Confederacy is a more unified government than is readily apparent to outsiders as each of the Dragon-Kings sits on the Council of Wyrms, a governing body nominally led by the eldest of the Dragon-Kings, called the High King or First King, who is a first among equals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Council is responsible for the social stratification of the Confederacy, establishes how Dragon-Kings are to treat those beneath them, and generally insures that conflicts between Dragon-Kings devolve into open violence only rarely. The Council also establishes the Anathema and the Compact. The Anathema is a set of laws that are so absolute that any trespass of them is grounds for immediate execution of the violator, regardless of standing. Should one of the Dragon-Kings commit Anathema all of the Council will descend on them en masse and destroy them. The Compact is the formal definition of the minimum rights and privileges of each of the social classes of the Confederacy, from the Royals to the Serfs, which is mandated across all of the states of the Confederacy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within any given state of the Confederacy the general structure of the government is slightly more variable, save for one absolute, the Dragon-Kings are absolute monarchs whose word is law. Beneath them, each Dragon-King establishes some manner of bureaucracy headed up by the Mage families who have been granted varying degrees of nobility. The nobility tend to the day to day running of the state, as directed by the Dragon-King and the Compact. Some states within the Confederacy grant much greater rights and privileges to its people, others grant only what is mandated by the Compact. A few oppress and degrade their people to the absolute limit of what can be argued as permissible under the Compact. So long as there is no overt flouting of the Compact, the Council does not intervene.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}