{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As soon as he read the last word on the screen, his Guide became animated once more and spoke, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Introduction period. During this period you be taught the basics of interacting with the System and be given an opportunity to select your initial Path in the Multiverse.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I continue to ask questions during this time?\u8221\'94 Marcus cut in when she paused. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Within acceptable limits, yes,\u8221\'94 the Guide answered flatly. \u8220\'93First you must learn to access the System and the limited help functions provided to newly adapted sentients. Begin my speaking the phrase \u8216\'91status screen\u8217\'92 while consciously choosing your status to appear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus frowned slightly and obeyed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Status screen.\u8221\'94 Immediately a screen similar to the one he had been seen before appeared in front of him.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level 1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: None}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality:  73/73}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 60/60}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 60/60}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 96/96 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Free points remaining: 5/5}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength:\tab  5\tab  \tab \tab Willpower: 10}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 4\tab   \tab \tab \tab Intelligence: 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 7\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 7\tab \tab \tab Luck: 6}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Special Abilities:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lingual Savant (Unique) - Instantly understand, speak, read and write any sentient language you encounter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Sensitivity (Racial) - You can perceive and manipulate the mana around you naturally and instintively}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Darkvision (Racial) - Your eyes are well adapted to see clearly in a wide range of lighting conditions including no light at all}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 General Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Identify (Tier 1) }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Newly Integrated - grants Lingual Savant ability and +1 to all base stats and basic help access to all sentients living in a newly integrated universe <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Holy shit, he had a character sheet. Skimming through it he understood most of the basics from context. Vitality would probably be an abstraction of how much physical injury he could endure without dying. Mana was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 well, if this were a game it would probably be how much energy he could use to cast spells or do magic. Stamina probably measured how long he could exert himself physically before becoming exhausted. Soul strength was\u8230\'85 too ambiguous for him to be sure, but maybe some sort of measure of his psyche? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength, Endurance, Willpower, and Luck all seemed pretty self explanatory, but the others needed clarifications. He opened his mouth to speak, only to have the Guide cut him off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The status screen may dismissed with the command \u8216\'91hide status\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 she said abruptly. \u8220\'93The \u8216\'91show\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91hide\u8217\'92 commands may be used on any System display, permitting you to, for example, only see your resource pools by using the command \u8216\'91show resources\u8217\'92. Limited System help files are also available to explain basic information. These are accessed by using the command \u8216\'91Help\u8217\'92 and then stating the topic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He blinked, then whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help, Agility.\u8221\'94 Instantly a notification popped up in front of the status screen, with an arrow pointing to his Agility.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Agility is a stat measuring your gross motor control, your ability to coordinate and control the large muscle groups in your body. This affects balance, ability to position your body, and movement speed. It also contributes somewhat to ranged accuracy, but considerably less so than Dexterity. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, so Agility was for running, dodging, gymnastic movements, fast aiming, those sorts of things. He could totally accept that, so Dexterity must be more about fine motor control and precision tasks.  That left him needing to know the difference between Wisdom and Intelligence. As he opened his mouth to speak the commands he needed to use, the Guide cut in once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that you have had a moment to try a few verbal commands, be aware you can also issue commands non-verbally by simply focusing your thinking with the intent of issuing commands directly to the System,\u8221\'94 the Guide explained. \u8220\'93This is particularly useful when you are trying to move undetected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frowning again, Marcus wished away the Agility notification, and instantly it vanished. He blinked in surprise. Apparently the System could listen to his thoughts. That was more than a bit creepifying.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, the System cannot read minds,\u8221\'94 the Guide immediately explained, undermining its own assertion. \u8220\'93But if you direct a thought at the System intentionally, then the System will receive it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was less creepy, thank all the gods. Also, it seemed like the System had performed enough integrations to be able to anticipate and preemptively answer the most common questions, which made sense. Turning back to the task at hand, Marcus willed the System to show the help file for Wisdom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Wisdom is a stat measuring your ability to evaluate the reliability of data and accurately weight that reliability in your decision making process. It also reflects your intuition and ability to comprehend esoterica. It factors heavily in the depth of your mana pool and is tied to your ability to instinctively manipulate mana and conditionally improves your soul strength.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded slowly, willing away that notification and checking the help for Intelligence as well, to make sure he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make any bad decisions. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Intelligence is a stat measuring how quickly you can think and analyze data, how quickly you can learn and assimilate new knowledge, your ability to apply logic and rationality, and to extrapolate from concrete ideas and information. It greatly affects the speed at which you can advance your understanding of your skills and may conditionally improve the strength and efficiency of spells and abilities.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And there was back-handed confirmation that magic was real and he probably was right about what Mana was for. So, he skipped that and moved on to the last thing he was unsure about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Soul Strength is a stat measuring how stable your sense of self is. It is primarily determined by your Willpower and, to a much lesser extent, your Wisdom. It is the only one of your resource pools not directly increased by leveling, instead being increased only by stats and your overall power tier. Mental exertion, heavy concentration, mental trauma and psychic attacks all reduce your Soul Strength. Expending all of your Soul Strength leaves you vulnerable to mental or magical manipulation and control. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, it was a combination of mental vitality and stamina. He could follow that well enough. Classes and professions seemed mostly self-explanatory. He needed a little more information though before he could continue. First off, free points\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Free points are stat points acquired by advancing your Race tier, your Path tier, your Class tier, your Profession tier, or your Level. Each Level grants a single free point. Tier based free points vary by Race, Path, Class and Profession. These points may allocated to any stat at any time.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, so that was how he could increase his stats, which meant that stats could be increased. Good information to have going into what is essentially an entirely new world. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even begin to imagine what Earth was going to be like if being part of the Multiverse immediately added an RPG video game interface system to reality that also apparently included magic\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay focused, he chided himself. Time is fleeting, so logic and rationality now, panic later. He opened the help for Paths. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Paths are an expression of an individual\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s preferred methods of self improvement and advancement within the Multiverse. A sentient being\u8217\'92s Path affects the nature of the classes and professions that become available to them, as well as the ways they earn experience toward the next Level. It may also greatly affect the skills and abilities available by means of Class and/or Profession. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was a little more basic than he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hoped, but he reckoned that it was a sort of archetype that would narrow down the choices he would have later on. Which left one more thing to consider, that being his Race, which apparently was no longer human.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Dragonkin-Hybrid (Rare) (Unknown): The product of interbreeding between a Dragonkin and another of the sentient Races. A Dragonkin-Hybrid carries some of the advantages of their Dragonkin ancestor and is visually distinctive from both full Dragonkin and his other racial heritage. They are highly sensitive to Mana and instinctively grasp how to manipulate Mana. All Dragonkin and Dragonkin-Hybrids are also possessed of a very potent elemental affinity as a result of their draconic blood, Your affinity is currently UNKNOWN }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race grants +7 free stat points per tier}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 WARNING: most hybrid Races will eventually make choices that may result in them evolving closer to their Dragonkin or other racial heritage instead of remaining true hybrids.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, he was a half-Dragonkin, half-Human then, Marcus supposed. He could live with that. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like having been a human had ever been some great achievement or something. In fact, Marcus was pretty sure that 99% of humans in the Multiverse probably weren\u8217\'92t worth putting out if they were on fire. His former race had spent thousands of years committing atrocities upon one another, after all. As Marcus closed the notifications and his Status screen, the Guide spoke up once again. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that you have a basic understanding of how to interact with the System and the information it will provide you with, the time has come to select a starting Path. The initial Path you choose will determine if you are permitted to select a Class or a Profession to begin the tutorial, and if so, which Classes or Professions are offered to you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He quickly opened his mouth to speak, only to be cut off once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Paths, Classes, and Professions are not finalized until the completion of the tutorial,\u8221\'94 the Guide continued to explain. \u8220\'93This means you most likely will encounter opportunities during the tutorial to refine or change the choices you make today. However, after the tutorial is completed, there will only be two ways for you to change your Path, or an already selected Class or Profession. The first, more common way, is during a tier advancement. The other way is by the acquisition of titles related to certain achievements or experiences, which are very rare by the standards of the Multiverse, but are somewhat more common for sentients during their initial years of System integration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus closed his mouth and put his hand down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready to choose a Path, or do you have additional questions?\u8221\'94 the Guide asked before warning, \u8220\'93Only 45 minutes remain in this introductory period.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus had one pertinent question left, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do we increase Levels and Tiers?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The help file on advancement will give you more personalized information on that topic after the selection of your Path and Class or Profession,\u8221\'94 the Guide answered. \u8220\'93Generally, however, it will require you to hone the skills you acquire and undertake actions to acquire experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough, then. I\u8217\'92m ready to choose a Path, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0> <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}