{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green38\blue29;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meditation?\u8221\'94 Marcus asked with a frown. \u8220\'93Is that actually useful? Most of the meditation techniques I\u8217\'92ve encountered seemed focused on achieving mental clarity and relaxation, and I\u8217\'92m not too bad at doing that already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This meditation technique focuses on understanding and using your internal energies. It\u8217\'92s a foundation for more advanced techniques that can speed up body\u8217\'92s recovery processes, leading to regaining Vitality, Stamina, and Mana faster. It also reduces your need to sleep and at higher tiers can replace sleep entirely.\u8221\'94 She explained as she assumed a lotus position opposite him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus considered it briefly before nodding, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough, please teach me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well. As you noted most meditation techniques begin with focusing on emptying your mind and relaxing your body, so too does this technique. Begin with your breathing. Breathe in slowly and deeply through your nose for a count of four, then hold your breath for a count of four, then exhale slowly through your mouth for another count of four, and then hold your breath again for a final count of four.  This is the most basic breathing pattern used in meditation. I believe your culture termed it \u8216\'91box breathing,\u8217\'92 though the number used can vary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus nodded, already very familiar with the process. He smoothly settled into a rhythm, letting his eyes close as the Guide guided him through a meditation exercise. At her instructions, he relaxed each of his muscle groups, one at a time, to immerse himself in a place of peace and tranquility. Which is where the meditation took a turn from what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d experienced before the System.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, with eyes closed and body relaxed, turn your mana sense inward. Observe the flow of energy into your core as you continue your breathing as before. See how your body doesn\u8217\'92t just circulate the impure energy you breathe in and purify. See how the pure mana from core also circulates through the rest of your body along natural channels. Immerse your senses in that flow of purified mana, not in the process of purification you established during the evaluation, but in the flow of energy from your core, out through the rest of your body. Feel yourself surrounded by that pure mana, feel your consciousness be pulled along with the mana as if you were a leaf carried along on a river.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He followed her instructions carefully, finding the mana flow he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even noticed before. It pulled him along, circulating up through his brain to revitalize his mind, then down through his upper torso and into one arm and then back through the upper torso and down into his abdomen. From here it flowed down into one leg, then back up into the abdomen before repeating its path through his other leg, then back into the upper torso. Then it flowed through his remaining arm and back into his core.  It was a continuous unending circuit of power moving through his body. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 he heard the Guide speaking softly, \u8220\'93stay within the flow, feel the energy revitalize your body. Each cell siphoning off just enough power to completely fuel and revitalize it. Using that infinitesimal bit of energy to strengthen itself and by extension, you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He followed the circulation through his body again, watching more closely. Seeing the energy radiate out from his pathways to super charge his cells. It was as if light itself was spreading outward through his body from his pathways. And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it was a stable flow. New mana soaked easily into his core, replacing the miniscule amount of energy being consumed as quickly as it was used. It was an odd sense of homeostasis within the energy flow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent,\u8221\'94 the Guide spoke again. \u8220\'93You can maintain this state perpetually at your level of mana control, and from here you can begin to experiment with improving this skill by altering the mana flow. For now, however, lift your senses back out of the mana flow. Slowly! So that you don\u8217\'92t leave yourself disoriented. Once you are fully separated from the flow, you can open your eyes and stop box breathing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus opened his eyes to System notifications.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Skill learned: Beginner Meditation (Tier 1) Level 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Meditation (Tier 1) has improved to Level 10!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Beginner Meditation (Tier 1) Level 10 has evolved to Basic Meditation (Tier 2) Level 1! Wisdom has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well done,\u8221\'94 the Guide complimented him. \u8220\'93Your previous exposure to the breathing technique and the pre-system meditation techniques seems to have served you well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks.\u8221\'94 Marcus replied absently as he thought back over his various skill evolutions. He was noticing a pattern. \u8220\'93Do all Tier 1 skills evolve to Tier 2 at level ten?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. However a skill must reach a minimum of level of ten times their tier before they can be evolved. The actual evolution is a result of your comprehension of the skill or technique you are using. Tier 1 skills, however, are the simplest to learn and evolve, so they only rarely progress much past Level 10 before evolving to the next Tier. As you get into higher Tier skills, that will reach a point where it is extremely rare to see a skill immediately evolve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded along with her explanation, feeling like it made perfect sense. As a skill grew in complexity and potential applications, it would get harder to advance them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, thanks for the clarification. I\u8217\'92ve just been doing well with comprehension and these are low tier skills. Got it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you mean you are in the lower tiers of these skill, then you are correct.\u8221\'94 The Guide countered his statement. \u8220\'93If you mean these are of limited value, then you are grossly incorrect. Both Mana Control and Meditation are regarded as essential skills throughout the Multiverse for anyone pursuing a path involving magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 [While it was obvious why Mana Control would be considered essential, Marcus considered his meditation for a while, pondering her words and why it might be so highly regarded. After a short while, the understanding hit home.]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the ability to study mana flows so deeply while meditating, isn\u8217\'92t it? That makes it easier to grasp concepts related to mana.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes.\u8221\'94 The Guide answered with a nod. \u8220\'93As you sink into deeper states of meditation, your ability to perceive mana interactions and even fundamental concepts grows proportionately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded again, grasping the obvious implications. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess those hermits on remote mountaintops meditating on the universe and seeking enlightenment were on the right path,\u8221\'94 he joked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially yes. Though they lacked techniques to truly achieve their goals without the System.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus rolled his eyes internally as he considered the Guide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hit and miss ability to recognize his attempts at humor. Then he checked the time remaining before the next evaluation would begin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Initiating Second Evaluation in 0:51:12<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So it had taken around an hour and a half for him to learn meditation, which was a lot longer than it had seemed at the time, but then time was weird that way. Which immediately got him wondering\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93Time is a concept, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you can use mana to manipulate Time?\u8221\'94 Holy shit, that was a cool idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With sufficient understanding of the concept, yes.\u8221\'94 The Guide replied. \u8220\'93Doing so is called Chronomancy and is one of the more complex and esoteric branches of magical study.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 was\u8230\'85 awesome. And then his rational brain prodded him again. He\u8217\'92d spent the time he was going to use to experiment with mana learning meditation, and he did not feel like 40 minutes was enough time to do anything worthwhile in that regard. So instead, he turned to one last set of questions he had.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}