{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rest period duration remaining 0:39:12<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus slowly became aware of his surroundings once more and sat up slowly. The ache he had felt building up in his head was gone, but he still felt more mentally drained than he had after his last nap. He could feel the waiting System notifications from his meditation training, but was a little bit wary of looking at them. He had quickly lost track of the Guide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instructions and had no idea if he\u8217\'92d accomplished anything more than just exhausting himself and passing out. His perception had gotten so\u8230\'85 fuzzy as his fatigue had set in that he didn\u8217\'92t trust his memories entirely. Still, he could hardly put it off forever, so he pulled them up to see how he did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! Basic Meditation (Tier 2) Level 28 has evolved to Novice Meditation (Tier 3) Level 4! Wisdom has increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Novice Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 2) Level 20 has evolved to Apprentice Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 3) Level 1! Wisdom increased by 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Novice Meditation (Tier 3) Level 30 has evolved to Apprentice Meditation (Tier 4) Level 1! Wisdom has increased by 1!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His jaw dropped open. Two meditation evolutions?! How the hell had he managed that? The Intuitive Problem Solving had to come from his inspirations on how to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91become one with his mana\u8217\'92 and the realization that it felt like a new \u8216\'91muscle\u8217\'92\u8230\'85 He considered it for a few long moments. The first evolution had to have come when he\u8217\'92d begun to \u8216\'91dissolve\u8217\'92 himself in his mana. Then as he spread himself through his entire internal mana flow that skill must have rocketed up in levels. The second evolution had to be tied to him beginning to exercise his new control\u8230\'85 He nodded to himself. Yeah, that made the most sense based on his memories of the training. He pulled up his status to see the overall effect of the evaluation so far.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level: 0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality: 119/119}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 555/555\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Mana Core Compression: Tier 2   }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 116/116}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Stability: 100/100}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength: 11\tab \tab Willpower: 9.9}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 9.9  \tab \tab Intelligence: 12.1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 13.75\tab Wisdom: 15.4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 12.1\tab Luck: 5.5}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman Mana Control (Tier 5) Level 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Meditation (Tier 4) Level 17}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Running (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Safe Fall (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Freerunning (Tier 1) Level 8}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Athleticism (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Lifting (Tier 2) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Weapons (Tier 3) Level 22}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Basic Perception (Tier 2) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Marksmanship (Tier 3) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Unguided Mana Bolt (Tier 1) Level 1}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beginner Logical Analysis (Tier 1) Level 6}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Novice Mana Theory (Tier 2) Level 5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Apprentice Intuitive Problem Solving (Tier 3) Level 2}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control Greater Prodigy - increases the effectiveness of all Mana Control Skills and abilities by 20%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Front Runner - increases all stats by 10% and increases primary stats by an additional 5% for a total of 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Universal Greater Prodigy - increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Journeyman - slightly reduces the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First Journeyman in the Milky Way - additional small reduction in the difficulty of improving all skills of Tier 4 and below}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Top Shot - increases Dexterity by an additional 15%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spellcrafting Prodigy - increases the power and efficiency of all spells and abilities you create by 10%}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expert Problem Solver - +3 each to Intelligence and Wisdom<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His wisdom was now the clear front runner among his stats, having barely edged out his dexterity. He also noticed that his meditation skill had still had ample time to climb even further after evolving. Not bad progress for having little more than a single hint on what to do and a whole lot of intuition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your overall progress has been quite exemplary,\u8221\'94 The Guide commented, as if reading his mind\u8230\'85 or maybe just his body language and facial expression. \u8220\'93You are considerably ahead of the average sapient in terms of your stats, skills, and titles. Placing you among your world\u8217\'92s new elites, though the System won\u8217\'92t fully acknowledge that until the end of the evaluation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s definitely nice to know,\u8221\'94 Marcus scratched his bearded chin and considered his experiences so far. \u8220\'93So I have two questions, if you\u8217\'92re amenable?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Certainly, we still have some time before this rest period ends after all,\u8221\'94 the Guide answered with a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! First question, what determines my recovery speeds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Generally physical recovery speeds are linked to your endurance and mental recovery speeds are tied to your willpower,\u8221\'94 she replied immediately. \u8220\'93This can be affected by a number of other factors, however, such as local mana density, how active you are being, external magical effects, and skills such as meditation.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you clarify that a bit?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Certainly. Vitality is the slowest resource to regenerate naturally. While sleeping, you will regenerate vitality equal to approximately 25% of your endurance every hour. That amount is halved if you are awake but resting and limiting physical activity. If you are engaging in non-strenuous physical activity it is halved a second time. Strenuous physical activity will halve it a third time.\u8221\'94 She paused and looked at him to confirm he was following.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, in my case, 4 Vitality an hour sleeping, 2 while resting, 1 while being active, and 1 Vitality every two hours if I\u8217\'92m doing anything strenuous?\u8221\'94 he confirmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Correct. As meditation is the only skill you have which affects recovery, while meditating you will regenerate vitality as if you were sleeping. Vitality is the resource meditation assists recovering the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, how about stamina then?\u8221\'94 he prompted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stamina recovers the fastest normally. You will regain twice your endurance per hour of sleep, which is halved by resting the same as vitality. However, since stamina itself fuels all physical activity, the penalties for physical activity are much steeper. Non-strenuous physical activity will reduce your stamina recovery to 10% of your endurance per hour with strenuous activity reducing it to 1% of your endurance.  Meditation will increase your stamina recovery to your endurance times your meditation skill tier per hour.\u8221\'94 She paused again for confirmation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ouch. So 24 stamina an hour sleeping, 12 while resting, 1 per hour while being active, and 1 every 10 hours of strenuous activity. But a full 48 per hour of meditation?\u8221\'94 He frowned in confusion. \u8220\'93Then why was I recovering\u8230\'85 almost 7 per minute while meditating earlier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The introduction accelerates stamina recovery rates significantly to ensure your ability to effectively participate. This generally means you will recover your full stamina pool from nearly empty with approximately 15 minutes of meditation, no matter how deep your pool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, that makes sense,\u8221\'94 he nodded, considering. \u8220\'93No boosts to mana or vitality recovery?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vitality recovery during the introduction is a special case, as any damage or injuries incurred will be automatically healed at the beginning of any rest period.\u8221\'94 She replied. \u8220\'93Mana recovery is boosted such that during the introduction you will regain a minimum of 30 mana per hour per tier of meditation skill per hour, or one-half mana per minute per tier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what\u8217\'92s normal mana recovery like then?\u8221\'94 he asked with a wince. His mana pool was huge compared to his vitality or stamina and that could take a long time to regenerate outside the introduction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mana recovery is a bit more complicated than the other resources. Skills that affect your ability to manipulate mana have significant impact on how quickly you can refill your mana core, which in itself increases the amount of mana you possess since you don\u8217\'92t truly have a mana core until after the first compression of your pool when it reaches tier 1.\u8221\'94 She paused to make sure he was following her explanation. At his nod, she continued. \u8220\'93For someone like you, the formula for mana recovery is mana control skill tier minus mana core compression tier times half your willpower per hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 three times half my willpower.. Or about 15 per hour?\u8221\'94 he asked as he did the mental math.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incorrect. Your prodigy titles increase your effective mana control tier by 30%. The net result is an effective mana control tier of 6.5 not 5, so four and a half times half your willpower or 23 mana per hour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh! I forgot those! That means that meditating now brings my mana recovery back up to 92 per hour, naturally?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Correct. Your skills have exceeded the recovery rate as boosted by the introduction as of the last evaluation cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, damn, that means it would take a bit more than 6 hours of meditation to completely refill my mana core at this point.\u8221\'94 He shook his head. \u8220\'93My mana bolt uses something like\u8230\'85 three and a half percent of my current mana pool, and it around 13 minutes of meditation to recover that much mana. There has to be something I can do to make that less\u8230\'85 lopsided.\u8221\'94][Too numbers-heavy, but excellent logic. KEEP the info somewhere for YOURSELF.]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Continued improvement of the spell will improve it\u8217\'92s mana efficiency, allowing you to get more from each point of mana spent and reducing the minimum cost,\u8221\'94 the Guide explained. \u8220\'93Advancing your mana control and meditation skills will make each point of mana spent easier to recover. At this stage of your development, your mana compression is almost as much of a hindrance to your mana recovery as it is a boon to your pool depth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded again, then loudly and theatrically sighed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The trials of being a prodigy. I will just have to persevere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, last question then, why does my race have the word unknown in parentheses before its tier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each Dragonkin, and subsequently each Dragonkin-Hybrid, has a specific elemental affinity resulting from their dragon blood,\u8221\'94 the Guide explained in response. \u8220\'93Until you have discovered that affinity for yourself, it will not appear on your status screen. Once you discover that affinity, deepening that affinity will cause some visible changes to your body, principally affecting your scale coloration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. Thank you. That makes a lot of sense actually.\u8221\'94}}