{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie cursed under her breath as she dodged aside from the charging boar, slashing it with her rapier as she half-stumbled out of its path, taking a gash on her hip as the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tusks grazed her. Her blade seared a line of angry-looking magical burns into the creature as it parted flesh in a shallow slice. She turned her stumbling fall into a shoulder roll that brought her back to her feet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take this ya fuckin\u8217\'92 over-sized pork chop!\u8221\'94 Cassie heard her Dwarven teammate, a warrior-type named Freya, bellow behind her. The shout was punctuated by the heavy thunk of an axe digging into flesh, with the boar squealing in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Freya! Go left!\u8221\'94 Another woman\u8217\'92s voice ordered, followed by the loud crack of a rifle being fired an instant later. The other woman was India, her team\u8217\'92s only ranged attacker, a full on Sniper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s squeals cut off abruptly. It crashed to the ground with sufficient force to imitate a small, localized earthquake. Cassie turned back to her team, pressing her free hand to her hip to staunch the bleeding. India\u8217\'92s shot had taken the boar straight through one eye, killing it instantly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cassie!\u8221\'94 The single male voice in her team sounded alarmed as he approached. \u8220\'93Damn, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 hermana}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , you have to be more careful. That damn thing could have gutted you like a fish.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Roberto, an Elf with decidedly Hispanic features, moved quickly to her side, invoking a healing ability on her wound. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a scratch,\u8221\'94 she waved off the concern.  \u8220\'93That was a bad-ass shot, India. Good job. Everybody else okay? I know I was not ready to be ambushed by Bebop\u8217\'92s under-mutated, \u8216\'91roid-raging cousin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All good here, boss,\u8221\'94 Freya called back, grunting as she removed her axe from where it had been left in the boar\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who the fuck is Bebop?\u8221\'94 Roberto blurted out, sounding puzzled.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India appeared from her hiding place in the bushes. The rabbit-kin girl was tall, even with her ears laid back tensely. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m okay. I went to ground before it noticed me. Think it was alone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie sheathed her blade as she answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think so. As aggressive as that fucker was, I think if there were more nearby they\u8217\'92d already have attacked us.\u8221\'94 Cassie, a fox-like Kitsune herself, flicked her tail back and forth forcefully to dislodge a smattering of leaf-litter from her fur. \u8220\'93Since Roberto has already fixed me, I can go up a tree and see if there\u8217\'92s anything else around in a bit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we can use some of this vine over here to haul the carcass up so we can dress and butcher it for food.\u8221\'94 Freya offered, cleaning the edge of her axe as she stared at the corpse. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92d be a shame to waste it and gods know I\u8217\'92m hungry. We can\u8217\'92t all live on berries and greens like our Lepori Sniper after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie hid a smirk as India flipped Freya an extended middle finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not my fault you\u8217\'92re carnivores.\u8221\'94 India shot back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Omnivores,\u8221\'94 Roberto corrected, \u8220\'93not carnivores. In fact, I\u8217\'92m pretty sure Elves like me lean more toward the herbivorous side of omnivore than carnivore. And are you all just going to ignore my question? Who the fuck is Bebop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I definitely lean to the carnivorous side of omnivore, so I\u8217\'92m going to blame it on being Kitsune,\u8221\'94 Cassie sniffed, feigning disdain. \u8220\'93I need more in my diet than leaves and berries.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m a little tired of eating the food my food eats,\u8221\'94 Freya agreed with a quick wink at Cassie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Savages,\u8221\'94 India shook her head in mock sadness. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m surrounded by savages.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You all certainly have the manners of a bunch of savages. Hello? Is anyone actually going to answer my question?\u8221\'94 Roberto tried to interject.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie snickered and moved to the base of one of the wider trees. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93India, Roberto, keep watch. Freya, if you know how to field dress and butcher animals, go for it, I\u8217\'92ll help after I go up and have a look around if you need me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First time in my life that all that time I spent in the SCA has actually been useful survival skills,\u8221\'94 Freya muttered as she tested the strength of the vines before deciding to weave a few into a braided rope to hoist the dead boar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, yeah, being ignored, got it.\u8221\'94 Roberto griped as he walked a few paces away from the tree to look out for anything else coming their way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not my fault your taste in classic animation is lacking,\u8221\'94 Cassie called back to him as she flexed her claw tipped fingers and toes before scrambling up the side of the tree. \u8220\'93Dishonor! Dishonor on your whole family!\u8221\'94 She called down, then grinned at a memory. \u8220\'93Make a note of this: dishonor on you, dishonor on your cow!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My\u8230\'85 cow?\u8221\'94 Roberto pinched his own arm, dramatically. \u8220\'93Nope, this is not some bizarre dream. I actually am taking orders from a nerdy fox-girl who watched way too many cartoons and my life has become some ridiculous fantasy roleplaying game. I\u8217\'92m surrounded by sexy, scary women who could kill me without missing a beat, and my efforts to be a gentleman are going completely unnoticed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, sexy scary women?\u8221\'94 India cut in, clearly amused, \u8220\'93have you gone and turned furry on me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie giggled the whole way up the tree at his exaggerated melodramatic sigh. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been lucky in having entered the Tutorial near a group of folks she knew. She and Freya were both heavily involved in the local Historical European Martial Arts clubs and SCA, while India and Roberto had been members of her tabletop gaming group. Somehow, all four of them had experienced what the System termed \u8216\'91unexpected racial evolution\u8217\'92 as part of being awakened to mana.  More interestingly, they all also had gotten uncommon or rare classes, which left her wondering if the personality traits that had drawn them to historical re-enactment and roleplaying games were the same traits that triggered those evolutions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She froze mid-thought as the scent of metal and mana made her nose twitch. She quietly sniffed the air, drawing in more of the scent and searching it for other living things. After a long minute of consideration, she decided there was nothing else there,  just the scents of the tree, and of a mana-rich metallic object. She shook her head and shifted her path up the tree toward the large branch the smell was emanating from. On the branch she found a large bird\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nest with a small treasure box inside it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie spent a long moment scanning her surroundings for any sign of the nest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s owner. Finally deciding that she was alone, she reached in and snagged the box, shoving it in the satchel that hung from her belt before continuing up the tree. She halted just below the canopy and slowly circled the trunk, taking advantage of the higher line of sight to look for either potential trouble or other people. She caught sight of a raised hillock in the distance that looked like it might make a decent spot to set up a camp and cook the boar. The smoke would likely attract attention from anything living nearby, but that couldn\u8217\'92t exactly be helped. They didn\u8217\'92t need to eat as often or as much as they had before Mana adaptation, but being hungry sucked, and she wanted her group to avoid it as much as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thankfully there was no sign of anything dangerous between them and the hill, so she climbed back down quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good news, boy and girls,\u8221\'94 she declared as she dropped the last few feet to the ground. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t see anything dangerous close by, and I found a spot where we can build a fire and cook this pig without risking setting the forest aflame. There\u8217\'92s a big hill in a clearing maybe 2 kilometers or so from here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freya grimaced at the news, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is gonna be awkward as fuck to haul that far, it\u8217\'92ll take two of us to transport it.\u8221\'94 She grunted, tossing the coil of vine she\u8217\'92d woven over a branch some eight or ten meters above the ground. She\u8217\'92d already secured one end of the makeshift rope around the rear hooves of the boar. \u8220\'93Cass, fix up a way for me to tie this off once I\u8217\'92ve got the boar off the ground. We need to bleed it and clean it before we carry it off. It\u8217\'92ll reduce the weight and keep it from stinking so much, so long as we don\u8217\'92t puncture the guts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On it,\u8221\'94 the Kitsune replied with a grin. \u8220\'93Roberto, catch.\u8221\'94 She tossed him the treasure box she\u8217\'92d found. \u8220\'93Your turn, hope it\u8217\'92s something useful for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roberto caught the tossed box and opened it with a small frown to discover a ring. After taking a moment to identify it, he shot a smile at Cassie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell yes! A ring with bonuses to Wisdom, Willpower and Mana regeneration. That should help make keeping you all alive a little less taxing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen the 200 IP that made her part of the split for finding the treasure and knew that meant it was probably an Uncommon item, which was pretty good. When they\u8217\'92d found the Uncommon belt Freya had gotten yesterday, it had awarded the same 200 IP to each of them. \u8220\'93Good, now lend Freya a hand, that boar is probably heavier than she is and one branch does not a pulley make.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie, meanwhile, had fished a small hatchet off the back of her belt to cut a low branch from a small tree. Cassie split the branch into a Y shape, and drove the long, sharpened end that made up the bottom of the Y into ground at an angle. She gave Freya a thumbs-up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, tie off is ready when you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cassie then joined Freya and Roberto in adding her weight to Freya\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vine-rope, lifting the boar\u8217\'92s carcass. Together they pulled, hand-over-hand, hoisting the dead animal off the ground. Once its snout was a dangling a good 10 centimeters or so from the ground, Freya, who\u8217\'92d anchored the pull with her stockier body, tied the rope off and had the others gently, gradually let go of the vine. Seeing that both the stake and the makeshift rope held, doing their jobs properly, Freya smiled widely. \u8220\'93Well done. Now for the gross part.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll cut us a pole to make carrying the carcass off easier,\u8221\'94 Cassie suggested. \u8220\'93We can tie up the hooves, slide the poll between them, and let the carcass dangle underneath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good idea,\u8221\'94 Freya agreed. \u8220\'93You and Roberto are of a height with each other, so with each of you shouldering an end of it, we should be fine. That\u8217\'92ll leave me and India freed up in case something gets uppity between here and that clearing you saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you calling me short or Cassie tall?\u8221\'94 Roberto asked with a frown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re all shorter than me,\u8221\'94 India answered from the other side of the tree. \u8220\'93Does it really matter which it is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freya meanwhile started on prepping the boar. Using a long knife she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d received in her starter gear, she opened the carcass up and went to work, letting gravity do most of the work for her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within a half hour, with the well-cleaned carcass on a pole between Cassie and Roberto, they all trouped toward the hill Cassie had seen. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}