{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Marcus leaned heavily on his cane as he waited for the approaching bus, taking some of the weight off his weaker leg after a long day walking around the convention. His plan for the evening was to grab a bite to eat, head back to his hotel room, play a game for a bit on his laptop to unwind, and get some sleep before the last day of the Con. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled, half-amused, as he watched a group of Imperial Stormtroopers and Star Trek Red-shirts stage a picture of mock combat in front of the convention center. Of course, the Stormtroopers didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hit anything, but the Red-shirts died melodramatically anyway. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Marcus turned away, he caught a glimpse of himself in the plexiglass of the bus stop. For a man who just turned 48, and a bit of a nerd at heart, he decided that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look too bad. He was tall, broad shouldered with a sturdy blue collar physique; the sort of guy who looked like he took care of himself without going overboard with it. His short, shiny black hair was spattered with silver and flowed back in a well groomed high fade. His mustache and goatee, also liberally streaked with silver, worked well to soften some of the sharper planes of his face and made his Roman nose seem a bit less prominent. Combined with his cargo shorts, boots, gaming tee, and his goth-y, patch-covered, black denim vest with deep inside pockets, he didn\u8217\'92t look at all out of place. Just one more Gen-X gamer at a Con. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glancing around as the back of his neck tingled ever so slightly, Marcus grimaced. He was never completely comfortable in crowds, but it was one of the biggest gaming Cons in the country and a great excuse for visiting Las Vegas in April. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just needed to get away for a while to clear his head and relax. A week at a Luxury Vegas Hotel topped off with the Con before he went back to North Carolina was a helluva good way to celebrate his birthday. Of course, his business partner had made a crack about it being a waste of a good midlife crisis, but at least he hadn\u8217\'92t dropped a year\u8217\'92s salary on a sports car like Craig had. Spending that kind of money on that kind of conspicuous consumption just seemed wasteful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sighing with relief as heard the city bus }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 coming down the block}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Marcus straightened back up, ignoring the low throb from his bum knee and the raised hairs on the back of his neck, and got in line to board the bus. He found himself stuck standing, but at least it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a long ride to his hotel and he\u8217\'92d make it in plenty of time for his dinner reservation. The person he really felt bad for was the guy in the Wookie costume a few people ahead of him. It\u8217\'92d been sunny and 90 degrees today, and air conditioning could only do so much in a crowded convention center. He honestly didn\u8217\'92t know how the hardcore cosplay crowd managed it, but couldn\u8217\'92t help admiring their resolution to boil inside a full body suit for the sake of the fandom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus grimaced as the bus turned onto the strip, the swaying of the vehicle shifting more of his weight onto his half-crippled left leg. While pain had been a constant companion for the last 25 years, the time he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent on his feet today had pushed his tolerance to the limit. He\u8217\'92d need to add soaking in a hot bath to his plans for the evening. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the bus trundled toward the main strip, the crowd began to thin, and Marcus finally folded onto a seat with a sigh of relief. He massaged his aching leg, working to loosen up the cramping muscles in his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a style choice then?\u8221\'94 a cheerful young lady\u8217\'92s voice asked from the row behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus turned to see a pretty girl, probably less than half his age, smiling down at him, dressed as what he could only assume to be an anime character. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d clearly noticed the Con badge around his neck and felt comfortable talking to a fellow nerd. He grinned wryly as he answered, \u8220\'93Sadly not so much, I managed to break my legs quite badly in my younger days and the cane has been a necessity ever since.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. That must\u8217\'92ve been quite some break. How\u8217\'92d you do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jumping out of an airplane,\u8221\'94 his grin became much broader at the surprise on her face. \u8220\'93I landed\u8230\'85 poorly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ouch,\u8221\'94 she winced sympathetically, before offering Marcus her hand. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Cassie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave her a hand a gentlemanly shake, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marcus. You just in town for the Con or are you local?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Local, actually. How about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m just visiting. This trip is my birthday present to myself, I head back out the day after the Con ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gave him a sly look, and with a smirk said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What a shame, you seem like you\u8217\'92d be fun to get to know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus was taken aback for a moment. Was she flirting with him? Or was he entirely misreading the situation? They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d barely spoken, and she was clearly significantly younger than he was, but that mischievous expression left him off balance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, thanks,\u8221\'94 he stammered, uncertain of how to respond. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh wow,\u8221\'94 her grin turned a little more lascivious, \u8220\'93and shy too. Definitely too bad we didn\u8217\'92t run into each other sooner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, yeah,\u8221\'94 he could feel his face heating up, \u8220\'93definitely.\u8221\'94 Marcus noticed with an odd feeling of relief that his stop was next. \u8220\'93Maybe we\u8217\'92ll meet again another time under\u8230\'85 less constrained circumstances.\u8221\'94 He had no problem admitting to himself that he was running away. He just wasn\u8217\'92t sure how to handle aggressive women who were barely older than his own daughter.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}