{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Name: Marcus Dragunov [IP Awarded: 1640 - Ranked 1 of 4846]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Dragonkin-Hybrid (Unknown)(Tier 1) Level 3}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Path: Seeker of Power (Uncommon)(Tier 1) Level 2}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Magus (Uncommon) (Tier 1) Level 2\tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Profession: None }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitality:  158/158}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 190/380}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 60/120}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 52/136}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Free points remaining: 6/16}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength:\tab  5\tab  \tab \tab Willpower: 13}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 4\tab   \tab \tab \tab Intelligence: 10}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 9\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 19}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 7\tab \tab \tab Luck: 18}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Special Abilities:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lingual Savant (Unique) - Instantly understand, speak, read and write any sentient language you encounter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Sensitivity (Racial) - You can perceive and manipulate the mana around you naturally and instinctively. Significantly improves the range and sensitivity of all mana senses gained from other sources (such as skills or abilities).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Darkvision (Racial) - Your eyes are well adapted to see clearly in a wide range of lighting conditions including no light at all}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Skills:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 General Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stealth (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marksmanship (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Identify (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tracking (Tier 1) }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Racial Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural Climbing (Tier 2)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Class Skills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Explosive Mana Spike (Tier 2)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Barrier (Tier 2) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Weapons(Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Magical Theory (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana Control (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meditation (Tier 1)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Titles:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Newly Integrated - grants Lingual Savant ability, +1 to all base stats, and basic help access to all sentients living in a newly integrated universe}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural Treasure Hunter - increases sensitivity and range of all special senses by one full Tier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Better Lucky than Good - +10 Luck, +10% Luck, doubles effectiveness of Luck stat.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two race levels had doubled his maximum resource pools, though he was still left with his mana pool only half-filled after killing the badger. He had two options as he saw it: he could spend some time meditating to recover his mana more quickly, or he could press on and hope that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t run into anything else that might want to kill him. As the latter seemed unreasonably optimistic, he moved to the base of the tree the badger had been remodeling. It was only as he started climbing up the side of the tree, heading toward a wide branch where he could meditate out of easy reach of the ground, that Marcus realized he\u8217\'92d been moving through the woods barefoot since he climbed the first tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he reached the branch and prepared to begin meditating, Marcus took a few minutes to more carefully examine the bottoms of his feet. To his delight, he found them completely covered in much thicker and more resilient scales than those scattered in patches across the rest of his body. In fact, they seemed every bit as tough as the sole of any shoe he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever worn, obviating the need for normal footwear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shook his head with a wry smile. The post-System world seemed intent on making the whole of reality a learning experience where almost nothing could be taken for granted. Since he was going to be resting here for a bit, Marcus decided to check on something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been too busy to check before, the pair of leather bound books he\u8217\'92d been given at the end of the Introduction. Slipping off his sling bag, he opened it and withdrew the two books and the quill-like pen stashed within. He identified the pen first as it peaked his curiosity.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Common Mana-fueled Writing Stylus (Tier 1) - One of the most common writing utensils in the Multiverse, this Stylus requires no ink to write. Instead, the user simply infuses a small amount of mana into the device while using it. While charged, the stylus can produce an magical ink that dries instantly on any surface and can become any desired color while writing or drawing. The opposite end of the Stylus can remove the magical ink completely from any surface without damage to the surface in question, making corrections simple. <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, that was definitely the most interesting magic writing utensil he had ever encountered and would undoubtedly be extremely useful to any student of magic. Replacing the quill in the bag, Marcus turned his attention to the larger of the two books. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Uncommon Fundamentals of Magic and Spellcraft (Tier 1) - A highly sought after primer for any who pursue power through the mastery of the Arcane. The knowledge in this book can help expand the reader\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s understanding of Magical Theory, Mana Control, and Magical Construct Theory.  <!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The System had helpfully provided a basic textbook for beginning magic-users, something that was bound to be one of his most useful pieces of starting gear for the longest period of time. The second book turned out to be less interesting, but just as useful. It was blank, being meant for use as a sort of magical research journal during his studies. Storing the books back in his sling bag for now, he turned his mind to the task at hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He composed himself in a basic lotus position and activated his meditation skill. He settled into a smooth and regulated pattern of box breathing as he closed his eyes and turned his focus away from his physical senses. His awareness seemed to settle into the space around him, making him aware of every iota of mana in his surroundings.  Marcus could feel the mana, could see every subtle shift and movement as it coursed through the world around him. He sank ever deeper into the meditation, studying the currents and flows around him intently, until finally his awareness sank into the very core of his own being. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here Marcus found a vast well of mana that resided within his own soul, recognizing it as his own Mana core which encompassed his entire Mana pool. He watched as the core filled, his own meditation helping speed the flow of mana into his core to replenish it. He found his senses buffeted by the unruly maelstrom of power within his soul. Felt it as if he were aboard a small raft on the surface of a storm tossed sea. He quickly became aware that his chaotic churn of Mana was slowing his ability to recover his mana. If he could slow the mana within his core down, could move it into a calmer, more harmonious motion, he could not only increase his mana recovery speed, he could likely greatly increase the mana density in his core. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took his time, truly studying the flowing and clashing currents of his internal mana pathways. After hours of such study, he began exerting control over his core. He nudged and shifted, pushed and pulled, twisted and shoved the flow of mana within his body and was punished with burning pain each time he overreached his control. Yet as the process continued, his control got stronger and more precise, it became easier to make the adjustments he needed in smooth, painless increments. Finally, everything fell into place and the process began to accelerate, taking on a life of its own. His Mana pool became a vast whirlpool, swirling in unison and pulling down the mana he breathed in from the world around him. From here it was focused and concentrated by the whirlpool as it was pulled into his increasingly dense Mana core at the center of the pool. Then, a steady stream of this denser mana flowed out from his core and through his internal mana pathways. This flow of mana spread through every portion of his body, charging every cell with all the mana it could hold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he felt his mana pool reach its current maximum capacity, he knew he was close to something big. Something transformative to his body and soul, a threshold that would mark his first big milestone on his path to power. All he needed was to push just a little more Mana into his core, just enough to edge over the critical mass he needed. It felt like breathing in fire as he over filled his pool little by little, until finally it all collapsed into his core where the mana density had abruptly doubled. It took just a few more hours after that to reach capacity once more and stabilize the core so that emptying it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t result it having to repeat the compression process all over again. He pulled himself out of his meditation and became aware of a deluge of System notifications awaiting him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus focused for a moment filtering out most of the notifications so that he would only see skill evolutions and other critical notifications. Only then did he open his eyes to see what he had really accomplished. <!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Congratulations! You have increased your Mana Core compression from Tier 0 to Tier 1!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana drawn from your core has significantly increased in potency. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The effective size of your Mana pool has increased by an additional 100% over its Tier 0 capacity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The improvement in the quality of your internal mana has removed your need for food or water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are one of the first sentients in your Universe to compress their Mana Core!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mana Control Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effectiveness of your Mana Control skills and abilities by 10%.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You are one of the first sentients in the 20th Universe to be recognized as a Prodigy by the System!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Universal Prodigy\u8217\'92. Title increases the effect of all current and future Prodigy titles by an additional 20%. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! You achieved Mana Core Compression without any external aid!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have earned the title \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Genius\u8217\'92. Title increases all stats by an additional 10% and increases primary stats by an extra 5% for a total of 15%.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Control (Class) (Tier2) has evolved to Mana Control (Class) (Tier 3)! +1 Wisdom point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Meditation (Class) (Tier 1) Level 11 has evolved to Meditation (Class) (Tier 2)! +1 Willpower point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Mana Control (Class) (Tier 3) has evolved to Mana Control (Class) (Tier 4)! +1 Wisdom point}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Congratulations! Meditation (Class) (Tier 2) has evolved to Meditation (Class) (Tier 3)! +1 Willpower point<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he read carefully through the titles and skill evolutions, he found himself somewhat boggled by it all. What he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done had seemed so obvious given his Class imparted understanding of Magical Theory and his Mana Sensitivity Racial ability. Yet actually accomplishing it had dropped a slew of rewards on him, including removing his need for food and water. Now his body only needed his mana to fuel itself. Marcus had the System bring up just his stats so that he could see the progress.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Vitality:  187/187}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mana: 960/960\tab \tab Mana Core Compression (Tier 1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stamina: 140/140}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soul Strength: 199/199}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Free points remaining: 6/16}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strength:\tab  6\tab  \tab \tab Willpower: 17}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Agility: 4\tab   \tab \tab \tab Intelligence: 12}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dexterity: 10\tab \tab \tab Wisdom: 23}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Endurance: 8\tab \tab \tab Luck: 19<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mana pool had more than doubled}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 between increases to his Core Compression and his Wisdom, putting him in a much stronger position as a Magus. At least he was much less likely to run short of Mana in a fight. He could only hope that his improved meditation skill was up to the task of keeping his Mana pool topped up without as much need for extended downtime. After all, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just spent six full hours sitting here meditating and making other progress and now the Sun was sinking below the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus took stock of how he felt otherwise. As expected he was neither hungry nor thirsty, but he also felt no particular need to sleep as his meditation had also fully restored his Stamina and Soul Strength, clearing away both his physical and mental fatigue from the days activity. He considered continuing to move through the woods instead of making a camp of sort, but decided against it. Night was likely to bring out a variety of dangerous creatures who nod be even slightly disadvantaged by the lack of light. Without a better idea of what was out there to threaten him, it was a fool\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s errand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, he settled in to observe the nighttime forest for a while and see what he could learn. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}