{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 AgencyFB-Reg;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>As soon as he began reading the announcement, Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart started galloping. The system was practically laying out incentives for groups to hunt one another right alongside the actual objectives. He could only wonder how bad it would get toward the end, when the competition was fiercest. He shot a glance at Cassie, who met his gaze and nodded. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>You have formed a group with Cassandra Blake!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have a Class or a Profession and what is it?\u8221\'94 Cassie asked quickly as she began to look around and see how things were happening as people began scrambling to find groups. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Class, Ma.. Call it Caster for now,\u8221\'94 Marcus changed his mind mid-word as noticed others were close enough to hear. \u8220\'93We can discuss more specifics when there are less ears. You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Also Class, Striker, if we\u8217\'92re holding cards and waiting for the flop,\u8221\'94 Cassie grinned and threw him another wink. \u8220\'93We need someone to tank and a healer right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ideally,\u8221\'94 he agreed with a nod. \u8220\'93Those and one or two more damage dealers and we should be golden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wanna stay under 10?\u8221\'94 she shot him a quick frown. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I figure under 10 will be better rewards, six would be good, five would be better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, we\u8217\'92re playing to win, not just survive?\u8221\'94 The corner of her mouth turned up in an evil smile. \u8220\'93I knew I liked you, Daddy! I\u8217\'92ll go talk to a couple of the beastkin, you see if that dwarf over there is game. He looks tanky and us no-longer-humans need to stick together.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On it, you find someone you think will fit, bring them in, don\u8217\'92t wait on a second opinion,\u8221\'94 He said as the turned and strode toward the dwarf in question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same goes for you, meet back here shortly,\u8221\'94 Cassie turned and flounced off toward the other beastkin she\u8217\'92d talked to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus sized up the dwarf as he approached them from behihnd. They were maybe 135 cm tall, broad of shoulder and solid looking, wearing what looked like a heavy mail tunic, steel gauntlets, steel spiked boots with a very intimidating axe slung over one shoulder, and a sturdy looking round shield strapped over the other.  As he got within a couple steps of the dwarf, they turned toward him and he almost stumbled. From the back he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been certain it was a male dwarf he was approaching, but no, it most definitely was not.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had clearly seen him stumble. With a mostly-hidden smirk on her lips, and a twinkle in her eye, the dwarf lady asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something I can help you with?\u8221\'94 Her voice wasn\u8217\'92t as innuendo laden as Cassie\u8217\'92s had been, but he was pretty sure this was going to be another fine example of him getting teased constantly by a beautiful younger woman. What a world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see the cute fox-girl over there?\u8221\'94 he hooked his thumb towards Cassie, who appeared to be in friendly conversation with a humanoid rabbit and an elf. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re putting a group together, since the folks who are still factory default humans seem to be avoiding us custom jobs.\u8221\'94 He smiled, trying and failing to sound casual. \u8220\'93Thought you might want a shot at being on the winning team. You\u8217\'92re what, a Warrior?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, I\u8217\'92m better than any old Warrior, I\u8217\'92m a He\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 her voice trailed off at the expression on Marcus\u8217\'92s face. She followed Marcus\u8217\'92s gaze, spotting several nearby humans who were clearly suspicious of them. Marcus relaxed as she seemed to catch on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85a Protector,\u8221\'94 she finished, giving him a quick wink. \u8220\'93What about you, hot stuff?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Caster,\u8221\'94 he lied solemnly, \u8220\'93Cassie over there, the fox-girl, she\u8217\'92s a Striker and is trying to gather us up someone to heal. You interested?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ooo a hot fox-girl AND a cute dragon-man to ogle? Where do I sign up?\u8221\'94 the dwarf offered Marcus her hand. \u8220\'93Name\u8217\'92s Freya, yes, for real. Blame my mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Marcus, welcome to the team, Freya,\u8221\'94 he took her hand and was surprised by how soft and warm it was against his more reptilian skin.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Freya Johansen has joined the group!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few moments later, two more announcements followed. <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>India Calhoun has joined the group!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Roberto Guteirrez has joined the group!<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It turned out that India was a Rabbitkin \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Marksman\u8217\'92, while Roberto was an Elven \u8216\'91Adept.\u8217\'92 They had known each other before the Integration, which made them a solid two-for-one deal. The five of them gathered in a small group, shying away from the rest of the crowd. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once they were pretty sure they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t being listened to, Marcus started them off, \u8220\'93Okay, big reveal time. I\u8217\'92m pretty sure, based on Cassie and Freya, that almost all of us who stopped being human got better classes than most. So I\u8217\'92ll start the real meet and greet. I\u8217\'92m Marcus, a Dragonkin-Hybrid and a Magus, which is an Uncommon Caster variant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooo, now that is a fancy Class,\u8221\'94 Cassie cooed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Cassie, not Cassandra, never Cassandra,\u8221\'94 she introduced herself. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an honest to god Kitsune and a Spellblade which is an Uncommon Striker/Caster hybrid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m pretty sure poor little weebs all over the Tutorial are weeping over missing the chance to group with you,\u8221\'94 Freya teased, pulling a giggle out of Cassie. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Freya, yes that\u8217\'92s my real name, and you can blame my mother\u8217\'92s love of mythology. As you can see, I\u8217\'92m a Dwarf and I managed to snag Hearthguard which is a rare, dwarf only Warrior variant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn, now I really feel cheated,\u8221\'94 Roberto chimed in. \u8220\'93I roll up with all my slick elf charm and all the chulas are busy flirting with each other or the Dragonkin. No matter how I up my game, I\u8217\'92m always a step behind.\u8221\'94 He was grinning widely and clearly poking fun without malice. \u8220\'93At least I managed to snag a sweet rare adept variant, called Druid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India shook her head melodramatically, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to subject you all to this poor deprived elf\u8230\'85 or was the word depraved?\u8221\'94 He stuck her tongue out at Roberto who muttered something about promises under his breath. \u8220\'93I am India, a Lepori, and the poor elf\u8217\'92s only friend.\u8221\'94 She snickered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m also a Sniper, an uncommon variant of the Marksman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that\u8217\'92s a tank, in the form of the sexy dwarf lady, a melee dps in the form of the sexy fox-lady, a ranged dps in the form of the sexy rabbit lady, some magical smackdown in the form of a scary dragon-dude and this poor elf to keep you all from dying?\u8221\'94 Roberto clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus shook off the moment of surprise brought on by India\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Class, and nodded at Roberto. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what it looks like, unless somebody has another thought?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we could pick up a couple more guys,\u8221\'94 India suggested. \u8220\'93I mean, I love tacos as much as the next gal, but a little more sausage in the party wouldn\u8217\'92t be a bad thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus winced and started to open his mouth but Cassie jumped in ahead of him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so,\u8221\'94 she countered. \u8220\'93See, we don\u8217\'92t just want to survive this Tutorial, we want to win. And since the the score is counted as IP per person, the more people we have the lower our score ends up.\u8221\'94 She looked around, \u8220\'93besides I really did not like the looks I was getting from a lot of these guys. I\u8217\'92m pretty sure this competition is going to get real ugly before its over, and more than a few of these guys around here look like no might not be in their vocabulary unless someone is around to make them stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freya and India instantly lost a good bit of their playfulness and took a closer look at the other people in the room with them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Freya agreed with a slow nod. \u8220\'93I can kinda see what you mean. If killing isn\u8217\'92t off limits anymore, what\u8217\'92s a little sexual assault.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 India winced hard, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can vouch for Roberto, at least, he\u8217\'92s not that kind of guy. Sure he\u8217\'92ll flirt and joke around with you as long as you\u8217\'92ll put up with him, but when you say stop, he stops.\u8221\'94 She looked questioningly at Marcus. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll vouch for Marcus,\u8221\'94 Cassie said immediately. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve practically thrown myself at him a couple times now and he\u8217\'92s never been anything but a sweet, embarrassed, shy gentleman. Besides, if he ever wants a tumble from me all he needs to do is ask\u8230\'85 or not tell me no.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freya burst out laughing at the mortified expression on Marcus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, \u8220\'93Its so rare to find an actual gentleman in Sin City. I\u8217\'92m pleased to have finally met one.\u8221\'94 She inclined her head to Marcus. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d make a similar comment to Cassie\u8217\'92s, but seems she\u8217\'92s already called dibs and it\u8217\'92s sisters before misters in my book.\u8221\'94 She winked at the fox girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marcus covered his face with both hands. It was going to be a long Tutorial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t stop on my account,\u8221\'94 Cassie\u8217\'92s grin somehow got wider. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind sharing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yep, a very long Tutorial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}