{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Social Structure in the Confederacy<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The social structure of the Confederacy as defined by the Compact is very strongly stratified. It consists of a hard hierarchy of status, at the top of which stands the Dragon-King and the Royal Family, followed by the Noble Houses, the Common Mages, the Knighthood, the Gentry, the Bourgeoisie, the Serfs, and lastly the Outcast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The top tier, the Royal Family and the Dragon-King who stands at the head of it, has absolute authority. They can dictate the laws of the state, negotiate with other states, and generally do as they wish. The only laws they are absolutely bound by are the Anathema and, ostensibly, the Compact, which limits how some of the classes can be treated, even by the Royal Family and Dragon-King, though the Compact is far less stringently defined and enforced then the Anathema. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next tier of the social hierarchy, the Noble Houses, are comprised of the most powerful Mage families. These families are key to the strength of the Confederacy as only a very scant few of the most powerful mages have the potential to ascend to become dragons themselves. The Nobles are charged with the enforcement of the Law within the state and the administration of the state itself. Each House is given charge of a region within the state to govern in accordance with the wishes of the Royal Family. The Noble Houses also provide the manpower for the Dragon-King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corp of Battlemages, the most prestigious of the state\u8217\'92s military orders. The Noble Families also pay annual tithes from their income to support the Royal Family and the state as a whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Common Mages are a relatively small class within the greater Confederacy, comprised of those low-born citizens who have completed the requirements to become full mages without being sufficiently powerful to have been adopted by one of the Noble Houses. Even mages born of the serf class are elevated to this class, because of the value of magecraft. While they lack the power to serve within the Battlemages or to be of use to the Noble Houses, they are artificers, alchemists, magical craftsmen, healers, and the like, using their magic to enhance and improve the lives of the citizenry. The demand for their services and the value placed on them means that they tend to accumulate great wealth and immense influence among the lower classes. Like the Noble Houses, the Common Mages also pay an annual tithe of their income to the state or provide equivalent value in goods or services as determined appropriate by the Noble House that rules their region.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Knighthood are in a strange position within the social structure of the Confederacy as they are, strictly speaking, the direct servants of the Royal Family and the Noble Houses. Their knighting ceremony includes swearing an oath of service to the Dragon-King, the state, and the Nobles that the Dragon-King has elevated. They frequently serve as officers within the military orders, distinguished by the addition of Knight to their military rank (Knight-General, Knight-Captain, etc). They are aristocrats raised by the merit of their service, holding legal authority over any non-mage commoner they encounter within the bounds of the Compact. This nominally places them between the Common Mages and the Gentry, as while the Common Mages hold no authority over anyone, neither do they answer to anyone shy of the Noble Houses. Knighthood, however, is not hereditary and the families of Knights are only considered even a marginal part of the aristocracy so long as the Knight lives. However, no child or spouse of a Knight can ever be less than Bourgeoisie short of being made a serf or outcast as punishment for a crime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Gentry are the wealthiest of the non-mages within the Confederacy. They are merchant-princes, master artisans, military officers, academics and the like. They are a pseudo-aristocracy within the common folk, with subtle distinctions between differing groups in the class. This is the landed class among the common folks. The have significant freedoms and equally significant responsibilities within the Confederacy as the Gentry are expected to provide well educated children to serve within the military orders as officers, both commissioned and non-commissioned, in addition to the same tithing requirements as the Common Mages. The Gentry are also the most educated of the common folks, with universities and academies available to them unrelated to the Collegium Arcanus which trains all mages within the Confederacy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Bourgeoisie are non-landed merchants, artisans, craftsmen and skilled laborers such as seafarers, carpenters, stonemasons, and the like. They are an educated class, though few if any ever manage entrance to the universities or academies available to the Gentry. The freedoms of the Bourgeoisie are less extensive, in no small part because of their lack of wealth, compared to the Gentry. Their responsibilities are also somewhat less onerous as they tithe the same way the Gentry and Common Mages do, and many of the younger sons of Bourgeoisie families are also like to enlist willingly within the various military orders and frequently excel within the military, occasionally even gaining commissions through excellence in service.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final class considered part of the citizenry of the Confederacy are the Serfs. The rights and privileges of the serfs are limited. They are the common laborers of the Confederacy: farmers, miners, lumberjacks, quarry men, and animal tenders. They are kept fed and housed and paid a pittance of coin so that they could indulge in drink or other entertainment or the occasional luxury for their rest days. And serfs were granted a single rest day out of every week, being expected to work the other six unless they were too sick or injured to work. Serfs are considered valuable property by those whom they serve are provided medical and healing attention by their masters. Serfs may also be conscripted into state military orders as needed to fill out the ranks of common soldiers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Outcasts are criminals, beggars, thieves, and those who have been otherwise cast out for one reason or another. They have no rights and no privileges. They have no legal existence within the Confederation at all. They live at the sufferance of those around them, as there is no penalty for killing an Outcast. Among serfs and the Bourgeoisie some Outcasts are tolerated, those who beg because of disability or infirmity that prevents them from being productive citizens mainly. These poor souls are left to the charity of those who will tolerate them.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>Social Mobility within the Classes<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Confederacy there is only one guaranteed way to escape the social class you are born into: becoming a mage. Because of the usefulness and relative rarity of magical talent, every child in every state of the Confederacy is tested for magical ability twice, once at age 13 and a second time at age 19. Testing positively results in the child being removed to the Collegium Arcanus, a school for training those with ability to become mages. The training of mages is difficult and intense and not all who enter the Collegium survive to graduate. Those that do graduate, however, will forever be mages. The most powerful mages tend to get adopted into the Noble Families, if they were not born of such to begin with. Otherwise they become Common Mages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other means of social advancement are more limited in scope, such as being granted a knighthood for service. Or a Bourgeoisie family achieving sufficient financial success that they marry into the Gentry or acquire lands of their own through other means and become \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91New Gentry\u8217\'92. Or an artisan becoming sufficiently famous to earn the patronage of a Noble House and being given land and wealth to become a part of the Gentry. Or a Common Mage marrying into a Noble House.  Or a Noble mage marrying into the lower rungs of the Royal Family. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magic notwithstanding, there is only one other way for a serf to escape into the upper classes, and even it is nigh impossible. They would have to be conscripted to the military and then perform some fantastic act of bravery or feat of arms that earned them a knighthood. Such acts from the common soldiery are so rare as to be nearly unheard of and even should such a thing happen, it may not even be recognized or rewarded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Downward mobility is also possible beneath the ranks of the Mages. It is possible for a Knight to be stripped of his Knighthood in punishment for failing their duty or committing certain types of crimes. Or for a Gentry family to be stripped of their lands and wealth for committing certain offenses against the Nobility or Royalty or breaking the laws of the Confederacy or state. A Gentry family could fail, losing their wealth over the span of years or even generations to the point that they lose their lands and become Bourgeoisie. They could even fall so far into debt that the family is sold into serfdom to repay their debts. This can, and often does, happen to Bourgeoisie families as well, falling into serfdom through a failure of effort and wisdom. And anyone, even of the Nobility or Mages can become Outcast, though at their heights within the state, death is a far more common punishment for defiance of the law.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}